Feature/issue1 (#3)
Kosuke-iga/SSS-conference: conference_101719.tex

}

\author{\IEEEauthorblockN{1\textsuperscript{st} Given Name Surname}
\IEEEauthorblockA{\textit{dept. name of organization (of Aff.)} \\
\textit{name of organization (of Aff.)}\\
City, Country \\
email address or ORCID}
\and
\IEEEauthorblockN{2\textsuperscript{nd} Given Name Surname}
\IEEEauthorblockA{\textit{dept. name of organization (of Aff.)} \\
\textit{name of organization (of Aff.)}\\
City, Country \\
email address or ORCID}
\and
\IEEEauthorblockN{3\textsuperscript{rd} Given Name Surname}
\IEEEauthorblockA{\textit{dept. name of organization (of Aff.)} \\
\textit{name of organization (of Aff.)}\\
City, Country \\
email address or ORCID}
\and

}

\maketitle

\begin{abstract}
This document is a model and instructions for \LaTeX.
This and the IEEEtran.cls file define the components of your paper [title, text, heads, etc.]. *CRITICAL: Do Not Use Symbols, Special Characters, Footnotes, 
or Math in Paper Title or Abstract.
\end{abstract}

\begin{IEEEkeywords}
component, formatting, style, styling, insert
\end{IEEEkeywords}
 攻撃モデル先に言いたい感ある．
\section{INTRODUCTION}
IP見ればすぐわかるから攻撃者はMITMパターンできますよっていう説明
\section{RELATED WORKS}

> Rogue AP (rAP) detection methods are mainly classified into two categories: network administrator side detections and user side detections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rogue AP (RAP) detection methods are mainly classified into two categories: network administrator side detections and user side detections.
```

> Network administrator side detections focus on the physical device's features such as RSSI and clock skew which cannot be spoofed by an adversary unlike MAC address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Network administrator side detections focus on the physical device's features such as Received signal strength indication (RSSI) and clock skew which cannot be spoofed by an adversary unlike MAC address.
```

> RAP can be detected compared with the features in the whitelist predefined with equipment setup such as a traffic sensor in each Wi-Fi network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RAP can be detected by comparing with the features in the predefined whitelist with equipment setup such as a traffic sensor in each Wi-Fi network.
```

> Wu et al. \cite{prapd} utilize the RSSI as the feature for whitelist which is a measurement hard to forge arbitrarily and highly correlated to the transmitter's location and power. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wu et al. \cite{prapd} utilize the RSSI as the feature for whitelist.
RSSI is a measurement which is hard to be forged arbitrarily since it is highly correlated to the transmitter's location and power.
```

> An AP which has different RSSI but same MAC address from that in the whitelist shows it is a rAP with spoofed MAC address set by an adversary at different location.

Reviewer: rAPなのかRAPなのか統一したい．
```suggestion
An AP which has different RSSI but same MAC address from that in the whitelist shows it is a rAP with spoofed MAC address set by an adversary at different location.
```

> An AP which has different RSSI but same MAC address from that in the whitelist shows it is a rAP with spoofed MAC address set by an adversary at different location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case where an AP has RSSI which is not registered in the whitelist but same MAC address, it is revealed as a RAP with spoofed MAC address set by an adversary at different location.
```

> However, it is hard to detect rAP which has no big difference in location because RSSI is not as microscopic as it can tell a small difference of the nearby location. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is hard to detect RAP which is set near legitimate AP because RSSI is not information enough to indicate a small difference of the nearby location, and it is comparable value. 
```

> Although it is useful as a supplementary feature, using only RSSI is insufficient to detect a rAP with high accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although it is useful as a supplementary feature, using only RSSI is insufficient to detect a rAP with high accuracy.
```
RSSIは使わないからいらない？？

In order to detect in more detail, Lanze et al. \cite{clockskew} focus on clock skew as a device fingerprinting based purely on physical properties.

> Clock skew is an unvoidable physical phenomenon that causes crystal oscillator based clocks to run with minuscule yet measurable deviations in speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clock skew is an unvoidable physical phenomenon that causes crystal oscillator based clocks to run with minuscule yet measurable deviations in speed.
```
crystal oscillator based clockってなに？？
わかるように書きたい．

Reviewer: ここ頑張って

> However, these network administrator side detections are inapplicable to Wi-Fi hotspots because they have little motivation to guarantee no attacks nor will setup additional sensors or install detection software in their infrastructure to collect each data or detect them besides free Internet service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, these network administrator side detections are inapplicable to Wi-Fi hotspots because they have to setup additional sensors or install detection software in their infrastructure to prevent attacks besides providing free Internet service.
Thus, the detection schemes that require no additional devices are desired.
```

% of a predefined authorized AP itself such as MAC address, channel, RSSI, and clock skew.
%The collected features are then compared with previously known features of legitimate APs to determine the legitimacy of a given AP with the equipment setup in each Wi-Fi network.
%In \cite{snooping1}, \cite{snooping2},\cite{snooping3}, the MAC address of an AP is compared against addresses of legitimate APs for detection.
%An unknown MAC address indicates that an AP is rogue.
%Also, other factors like RSSI \cite{rssi1}, \cite{rssi2}, clock skew \cite{clock1}, \cite{clock2}, or channel \cite{channel1} are used to fingerprint rAPs.
%However, these schemes are easily avoided by an attacker because the features, including MAC address, are spoofed.
%Furthermore, 

Meanwhile, user side detections do not need Wi-Fi hotspot to be setup costly devices. 
They focus on the transmission characteristics caused by the extra hop to a rAP on the path between a lAP and user's device. 

> Such evil hop results in several measurable changes, compared with legitimate networks, in transmission characteristics such as Round Trip Time (RTT) and channel used between a user device and DNS server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared with legitimate networks, such evil hop results in several measurable changes in transmission characteristics such as Round Trip Time (RTT) and channel used between a user device and DNS server.
```
前置詞 in がどこにかかってるのかわかりにくいので，compared ... は前に

Mustafa et al. \cite{rtt} differentiate rAPs and lAPs by measuring the RTT between the user device and the DNS server through different target APs (rAPs or lAPs).

> Because the evil hop, introduced by the rAP, is added on the path, this leads to a longer RTT than that of the victim directly connecting to the lAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the evil hop introduced by the rAP is added on the path, RTT in this case is longer compared with the case where a user directly connects to the lAP.
```
**that**は何を示してる？？

%Although that scheme can work in the network topology which has no legitimate wireless range extender (RE) the LANs have RE especially in the large area such as airports.
%In such LANs, that scheme cause false alarms because it is not able to distinguish RE and rAP.
%Similarly, \cite{rtt}, \cite{iat} utilize the packet delay caused by the extra hop instead of the hop count in \cite{traceroute}.
%Mustafa et al. \cite{rtt} propose a scheme focusing on the packet delay caused by the extra hop to rAP compared to non attack scenarios.
%They utilize round trip time (RTT) as the indicator to find out the packet delays rAP in the LAN cause.
%RTT values of packets traveling through legitimate APs (lAP) are similar, but these are different for a lAP and rAP.
%Han. et al. \cite{rtt} utilize round trip time (RTT) between the user and the DNS server to determine whether an AP is legitimite or not.
%Similarly, Yang et al. propose the detection scheme that uses a discriminative feature of inter-packet arrival time.
%These two techniques use packet delay of traffic caused by the extra hop to the rAP as a feature for detection.

> Although those schemes which utilize the packet delay are useful to the attack which the adversary set rAP up on the laptop for, Jang et al. \cite{previous} reveal the fact that the computational power of the software bridging mainly accounted for the packet delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although that scheme leveraging the packet delay is useful to detect the attack for which the adversary set rAP up on the laptop, Jang et al. \cite{previous} reveal the fact that the computational power of the software bridging mainly accounted for the packet delay.
```
software bridgingってなに？？
説明が欲しい．

> Thus, these schemes which utilize the packet delay cannot detect hardware-based rAPs having little bridging delay unlike software-based rAPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, the adversary can evade the packet delay based detection by utilizing hardware-based rAPs having little bridging delay unlike software-based rAPs.
```

%In fact, their experiments show that the shemes is not able to distinguish the legitimate AP and the hardware-based rAP.

> In order to detect both types of rAPs, namely, software-based and hardware-based, \cite{previous} focuses on two communication channels utilized by a rAP between a user's device and lAP, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to detect both types of RAPs, namely, software-based and hardware-based ones, hoge et al. \cite{previous} focuses on two communication channels utilized by a RAP between a user's device and LAP.
```
従来の人達の名前入れてあげたら？ hoge et al.みたいに

> Although a rAP intervene between a user's device and lAP, two distinct channels are used to reduce communication delay caused by channel interference each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whereas a rAP intervene between a user's device and lAP, two distinct channels are used to reduce communication delay caused by channel interference each other.
```

> For example, channel 1 and 6 are used as the channel for a user's device and that for a lAP, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, it is assume that channel 1 is used as the channel between a user's device and a RAP, and channel 6 is that between a RAP and a LAP.
```

That scheme detect rAP by finding out these two channels with the throughput of the transmission from the user's device to the DNS server.

> Although the throughput used for finding these two channels out is largely dependent on the network environment, that scheme is the most robust user side detection independent of the performance of the rAP currently because it is reasonable attack model to be setup hardware-based rAP by adversary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That scheme is the most robust user side detection which is independent of the performance of the rAP currently because it is reasonable attack model to be setup hardware-based rAP by adversary.
```
''Although the throughput used for finding these two channels out is largely dependent on the network environment''は問題点で言えばいいかな．

%Although these two channels are always shown up because of the extra hop regardless of the rAP device, the throughput used for finding them out is largely dependent on the network environment.

> Thus, in this paper, we select \cite{previous} as a previous scheme and aim at propose the user side detection which enable to detect rAP regardless on each network environment and performance of the rAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, we focus on \cite{previous} as a previous scheme.
In the next Section, we elaborate the previous scheme.
```
in this paperは提案のこと言う時に使いたい．

%Since this scheme mainly utilizes the training detection technique and uses a relatively static threshold to differentiate legitimate and malicious routes, it needs to precollect the information of the target Wi-Fi network.
%Thus this scheme is not useful in the networks whose situsation may have significantly change or which some inexperienced users connect to.

\section{ATTACK MODEL AND PREVIOUS SCHEME}
\subsection{Attack Model}

> In an evil twin attack, the adversary sets up his AP using the SSID of the targeted Wi-Fi network and also MAC address cloned from one of the APs in the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an evil twin attack, the adversary sets up RAP using the SSID of the targeted Wi-Fi network and MAC address cloned from one of the APs in the network.
```

As a result, a user's device receives SSID broadcast from both the lAP and the rAP, but it cannot differentiate between these APs.

> The user's device simply assumes that both the APs are legitimate and associates with the one that has a higher RSSI value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user's device simply assumes that both the APs are legitimate and connects with the one that has a higher RSSI value.
```

We assume the model that a rAP relays WLAN traffic between a legitimate AP providing Internet connectivity and a user's device, and may act as a man-in-the-middle-attack.

> By avoiding to use mobile Internet access, e.g., 3G/4G, the adversary can evade detection with ISP names or Global IP addresses\cite{rtt}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By avoiding to use mobile Internet access, e.g., 3G/4G, the adversary can evade detection with Internet Services Provider (ISP) names or Global IP addresses\cite{rtt}.
```

> Also, we assume the adversary launched hardware-based APs which cannot be detected accurately by existing schemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
従来はできるわけだよね
ここでは，攻撃の説明とか構成だけを言えばいいかな

> Thus, it cannot be detected because hardware-based APs do not cause a computational delay by the software bridging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

\subsection{Previous Scheme}
\subsubsection{Overview of the Previous Scheme}
The main idea of the previous scheme \cite{previous} is that the adversary needs to use two distinct communication channels on the path from user's device to the DNS server to avoid channel interference each other: one for the path between lAP and rAP and the other for that betweeen rAP and user's device.

> Thus, from the perspective of the user's device, there exists another channel on the route different from a channel the device uses with the connected AP. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, from the perspective of the user's device, there exists another channel on the route different from the channel with the connected AP. 
```

> Since the throughput value is dependent on the traffic on the path, the channel which is used between a lAP and rAP and not able to be seen directly from the user's device can be detected as a decline in the throughput by saturating that path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the throughput value is dependent on the traffic on the path, the channel which is used between a lAP and rAP and cannot be seen directly from the user's device can be detected by a decline of the throughput by saturating that path.
```

For example, when a user's device is using channel 1 with the targeted AP which cannot be judged to be legitimacy, the user-side device introduced for intentional channel interference transmit several packets with all the channel except channel 1 to saturate the path.
If there exists the other channel on the route, the decline in the throughput can be observed by the user's device.

\subsubsection{Shortcoming of the Previous Scheme}

> Although the previous scheme is successful in the detection for hardware-based rAP in the experimental environment, it cannot detect accurately in the real world because of various reasons such as collisions, network topology changes, unintentional interference and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the previous scheme is successful in the detection for hardware-based rAP in the experimental environment whose traffic is stable, it cannot detect accurately in the real world because of various reasons such as collisions, network topology changes, unintentional interference and so on.
```

> Although the previous scheme is able to detect a rAP with high accuracy in the environment whose traffic is stable, the real environment is unsteady and subject to changes which can lead to decline the accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the traffic in real environment is unsteady, the previous scheme is subject to environmental changes which can lead to degrade the accuracy.
```

This document is a model and instructions for \LaTeX.
This and the IEEEtran.cls file define the components of your paper [title, text, heads, etc.]. *CRITICAL: Do Not Use Symbols, Special Characters, Footnotes, 
or Math in Paper Title or Abstract.
\end{abstract}

\begin{IEEEkeywords}
component, formatting, style, styling, insert
\end{IEEEkeywords}
 攻撃モデル先に言いたい感ある．
\section{INTRODUCTION}
IP見ればすぐわかるから攻撃者はMITMパターンできますよっていう説明
\section{RELATED WORKS}
Rogue AP (RAP) detection methods are mainly classified into two categories: network administrator side detections and user side detections.
Network administrator side detections focus on the physical features such as Received Signal Strength Indication (RSSI) and clock skew which cannot be spoofed by an adversary.
RAP can be detected by comparing with the physical features of it with those in the predefined whitelist with equipments such as traffic sensors in each Wi-Fi network.

Wu et al. \cite{prapd} pay attention to the RSSI which is hard to be forged arbitrarily and highly correlated to the transmitter's location and power.
RSSI, which is measured by additional coslty devices, is registered as the information in whitelist.

> By using RSSI, even if an AP has the same MAC address as that in the whitelist, that scheme can disclose that it is a RAP with spoofed MAC address set by an adversary at different location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using RSSI, even if the MAC address of an AP is identical to that in the whitelist, that scheme can disclose that it is a RAP with spoofed MAC address set by an adversary at different location.
```

However, that scheme is hard to detect RAP which is located near the LAP because RSSI is not as exact as it can indicate a small difference of the nearby location. 
%Although it is useful as a supplementary feature, using only RSSI is insufficient to detect a RAP with high accuracy.

In order to detect in more detail, Lanze et al. \cite{clockskew} focus on clock skew as a device fingerprinting based purely on physical properties.
Clock skew is an unvoidable physical phenomenon that causes crystal oscillator based clocks to run with minuscule yet measurable deviations in speed.
However, these network administrator side detections are inapplicable to Wi-Fi hotspots because they have to setup additional sensors or install detection software in their infrastructure to prevent attacks besides providing free Internet service.

> Thus, the detection schemes that require no additional devices are desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, the detection schemes that require no equipment of additional devices by a network administrator are desired.
```
従来のとこでユーザ側の端末でチャネル干渉を起こすために追加の端末が必要だから矛盾する気がしたので，修正．

> Meanwhile, user side detections do not need to introduce costly devices to a Wi-Fi hotspot. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meanwhile, user side detections do not need to introduce additional devices to a Wi-Fi hotspot. 
```

They focus on differences in the transmission characteristics caused by the extra hop to a RAP on the path between a LAP and user device. 
Compared with legitimate networks, extra hop results in several measurable changes in transmission characteristics such as Round Trip Time (RTT) and channel used between a user device and DNS server.

Mustafa et al. \cite{rtt} differentiate RAPs and LAPs by measuring the RTT between the user device and the DNS server through different target APs (RAPs or LAPs).
Because there exists the extra hop caused by the RAP on the path, RTT is longer in comparison to the case where a user directly connects to the LAP.

> Although that scheme which leverages the packet delay are useful only for the attack for which the adversary sets RAP up on the laptop, Jang et al. \cite{previous} reveal the fact that the computational power of the software bridging mainly accounts for the packet delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although that scheme which leverages the packet delay are useful only for the case where the adversary sets RAP up on the laptop, Jang et al. \cite{previous} reveal the fact that the computational power of the software bridging mainly accounts for the packet delay.
```

Thus, the adversary can evade the packet delay based detection by utilizing hardware-based RAPs having little bridging delay unlike software-based RAPs.

> In order to detect both types of RAPs, namely, software-based and hardware-based ones, \cite{previous} focuses on two communication channels utilized by a RAP between a user device and LAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to detect both types of RAPs, namely, software-based and hardware-based ones, hoge et al. focuses on two communication channels utilized by a RAP between a user device and LAP \cite{previous}.
```
hoge et al. で説明してきたから同じようにするか．

Whereas a RAP intervene between a user device and LAP, two distinct channels are used to reduce communication delay caused by channel interference each other.

> For example, it is assume that channel 1 is used as the channel between a user device and a RAP, and channel 6 is that between a RAP and a LAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, it is assumed that channel 1 is used as the channel between a user device and a RAP, and channel 6 is that between a RAP and a LAP.
```

That scheme detects RAP by finding out the presence of these two channels with the throughput of the transmission from the user device to the DNS server.

> That scheme is the most robust user side detection which is independent of the performance of the RAP because it is the countermeasure against a reasonable attack model which hardware-based RAP is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That scheme is the most robust user side detection which is independent of the performance of the RAP because it is the countermeasure against a reasonable attack model where hardware-based RAP is used.
```

Thus, we select \cite{previous} as the previous scheme.
In the next section, we elaborate the previous scheme.

\section{ATTACK MODEL AND PREVIOUS SCHEME}
\subsection{Attack Model}

> In an evil twin attack, the adversary sets up RAP which uses a SSID of a LAP in the targeted Wi-Fi network and MAC address cloned from one of the APs in the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an evil twin attack, the adversary sets up a RAP which uses a SSID of a LAP in the targeted Wi-Fi network.
Besides, the MAC address of the RAP is cloned from one of the LAPs in the network.
```

As a result, although a user device receives SSID broadcast from both LAP and the RAP, it cannot differentiate between these APs.
Thus, the user device simply connects with the AP that has a higher RSSI value.

> We assume the model that a RAP relays WLAN traffic between a LAP providing Internet connectivity and a user device, which act as a ``man-in-the-middle-attack'' to steal private information of an user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We assume that a RAP relays WLAN traffic between a LAP and a user device, which act as a ``man-in-the-middle-attack'' to steal private information of a user.
```

> By avoiding using mobile Internet access, e.g., 3G/4G, the adversary can evade detections with Internet Services Provider (ISP) names or Global IP addresses\cite{rtt}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By avoiding using mobile Internet access, e.g., 3G/4G, the adversary can evade simple detections with Internet Services Provider (ISP) names or Global IP addresses\cite{rtt}.
```

In addition to that, we assume that the adversary exploits hardware-based APs which cannot be detected accurately by existing schemes since they do not cause a computational delay due to a software bridging.

\subsection{Previous Scheme}
\subsubsection{Overview of the Previous Scheme}
The main idea of the previous scheme \cite{previous} is that the adversary needs to use two distinct communication channels on the path from a user device to the LAP to avoid channel interference each other.

> The one is the channel for the path between LAP and RAP, and the other is that for the path between RAP and the user device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The one is the channel for the path between a LAP and a RAP, and the other is that for the path between a RAP and the user device.
```

Thus, from the perspective of the user device, there exists another channel on the route that is different from the channel with the connected AP.

> The extra channel cannot be observed directly from the user device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extra channel cannot be observed directly from the user device.
The previous scheme detects the RAP by finding out these two channels on the basis of the decline in the throughput.
```

> Since the throughput value is dependent on the traffic on the path, the channel which is used between a LAP and RAP can be detected by a decline in the throughput.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> In order to decrease the throughput, the previous scheme saturates the channel used between LAP and RAP by intentional channel interference with an additional user equipment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to decrease the throughput, the previous scheme saturates the channel used between a LAP and the RAP by intentionally interfering a channel with an additional equipment in a user device.
```

> For example, when a user device is using channel 1 with the targeted AP which cannot be judged to be legitimacy, the user equipment transmits a large number of packets with all the channel except channel 1 to saturate traffic on the path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when a user device is using channel 1 with the targeted AP which cannot be judged to be legitimacy, the equipment in a user device transmits a large number of packets to all the channel except channel 1 to saturate traffic on the path.
```

\subsubsection{Shortcoming of the Previous Scheme}\label{sec:shortcoming}
Although the previous scheme is successful in the detection for hardware-based RAP in the experimental environment, it cannot detect accurately in the real world.
This is because throughput is considerably dependent on various factors of the network environment such as mobility of the traffic, collisions, network topology changes, and unintentional interference.
Since the traffic in real environment is unsteady, the previous scheme is subject to environmental changes, which can lead to degrade the accuracy.
Thus, the requirement that we must satisfy is to leverage factors which are independent of the network environment for the detection.

\section{PROPOSED SCHEME}
In order to meet the requirements mentioned in Section \ref{sec:shortcoming}, in this paper, we propose \title{}.
In the following subsections, we firstly explain the idea of the proposed scheme.
In the next subsection, the algorithm is described in detail.

\subsection{Idea}
The main idea of the proposed scheme is that there exist two APs, namely, RAP and LAP on the same path from a user device to a gateway.

> Since this idea is independent of the network environment, it is useful for overcoming the shortcoming of the previous scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
ごめん，これ俺が書いたやつだと思うけど，ここでいうのはなんか変だから下に持っていくわ．

In general, a LAP is the only device which exists on the same path from a user device to a gateway.

> Therefore, it identicals to the AP directly connected with a user device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, in this case, the LAP is identical to the AP directly connected with a user device.
```

> In contrast, since a RAP act as a man-in-the-middle, there exists another AP, which is legitimate, besides a connected AP on the other side of it in an attack scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an attack scenario, besides the connected RAP, a LAP exists inevitably on the other side of the RAP due to a man-in-the-middle-attack.
```

> Therefore, a connected AP can be revealed as a RAP when a LAP is detected on the other side of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, a connected AP can be revealed as the RAP when the presence of a LAP is detected on the same path.
```

> On the basis of this idea, the proposed scheme reveals that a LAP is on the other side of a connected RAP by finding out the MAC address of LAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the basis of this idea, the proposed scheme reveals that a LAP is on the other side of the connected RAP by finding out the MAC address of a LAP.
```

> In order to discover the MAC address of a LAP on the same path, we leverage the phenomenon that a user device cannot receive Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) reply packets in the situation where there exist duplicate MAC addresses on the same path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to discover the MAC address of a LAP on the same path, we leverage the phenomenon that a user device cannot receive Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) reply packets in the situation where there exist duplicate MAC addresses on the same path.
```
この文章のあとにARPの簡単な説明を1,2文で入れる？？

The proposed scheme intentionally creates such situation by setting the MAC address of a user device to the MAC addresses obtained from beacon frames of APs in the communication range of a user device.
Note that the MAC address of the AP with which a user device connects is excluded from targets for setting MAC addresses.
If the MAC address of a user device is set to that of a LAP on the same path, a LAP receives ARP reply packets whose original destination is a user device before a user device receives them.
Thus, since a user device cannot receive ARP reply packets, it continues to resend ARP requests, which results in disabling internet connectivity.

> By observing the continuance of resending ARP request packets within a definite period of time without ARP reply packets, the proposed scheme can correctly reveal that there exists RAP and LAP on the path, which detects the attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By observing the continuance of resending ARP request packets within a definite period of time without ARP reply packets, the proposed scheme can correctly reveal that there exists the RAP and a LAP on the path, which detects the attack.
```

When a user device connects with the RAP, there exists the MAC address of a LAP in the communication range of a user device.
This is because the RAP are located relatively near a LAP to avoid communication delay.
Hence, we can inevitably obtain the MAC address of a LAP in the case where there exists the RAP in a network.
In the real situation, it is possible that there exist several LAPs in a communication range of a user device.
Thus, we collect the only MAC addresses of APs which have the identical SSID to that of AP connected by a user device.

> This is because RAP must utilize the SSID of LAP for pretending to be LAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because RAP must utilize an SSID of a LAP for pretending to be LAP.
```

A user device can receive ARP reply packets even if its MAC address is set to that of each LAP on the distinct paths.

> This is because the MAC addresses can be duplicated except that on the same path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because the MAC addresses can be duplicated except those on the same path.
```
同じパス上のマックアドレスを除くと，重複する可能性があるってことを言っている？？
異なるパスなら重複しても影響を受けないってことを言った方がわかりやすい？？
どうだろう？

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the proposed scheme is independent of the real network environment, it is useful for overcoming the shortcoming of the previous scheme.
```

> In addition to the independence of a real environment, the proposed scheme is not affected by a spoofed MAC address because it focuses on the only legitimate MAC address never spoofed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to that, the proposed scheme is not affected by a spoofed MAC address because it focuses on the only legitimate MAC address never spoofed.
```

\subsection{Algorithm}
In this subsection, the algorithm for detection based on searching the MAC address of LAP on the same path is explained.
The algorithm consists of three procedures, 1) AP information collection, 2) setting MAC address on user device, and 3) ARP observation.
The second and last procedures are repeatedly conducted for every MAC address in  $AP_{all}=\{A_i|0\le i \le n_{all}\}$, where $n_{all}$ is the number of all APs acquired in the first   phase.

> Let $A_{target}$, $M_{A_{target}}$ and $S_{A_{target}}$ denote the targeted AP for detection which is directly connected, MAC address of $A_{target}$, and SSID of $A_{target}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let $A_{target}$, $M_{A_{target}}$ and $S_{A_{target}}$ denote the targeted AP for detection which is directly connected, MAC address of $A_{target}$, and SSID of $A_{target}$, respectively.
```

\subsubsection{AP Information Collection}

> In this procedure, information of APs which exist in the communication range of a user device are collected by the user device through beacon frames which they are transmitting for establishment of communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this procedure, the user device collects information of APs which exist in the communication range of a user device through beacon frames transmitted for establishment of communication.
```

> Among these, APs whose SSID is same with that of the targeted AP, namely $S_{target}$, are extracted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among them, APs whose SSIDs are identical to that of the targeted AP, namely $\SSID$, are extracted.
```
数式関連は，\newcommand{\SSID}{S_{target}} みたいな感じでマクロで定義すると良い．
ちなみにS_{A_{target}}ではない？？

> They are represented as $A_i$, whose MAC addresses are done as $M_{A_i}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are represented as $A_i$, whose MAC addresses are done as $M_{A_i}$.
```
どういうこと？？

At this stage, if there exists the AP which satisfy the formula: $M_{A_i} = M_{A_{target}}$  among $MAC_{all}=\{M_i|0 \le i \le n_{all}\}$, which means either of them clones another, it is detected as a RAP.
Thus, using the network should be avoided whether it is on the same path or not because the risk of being attacked is extremely high. 

> In contrast, in the case where a RAP clones the MAC address which the LAP far from the user device has or it does not clone, we cannnot detect only by checking the accordance of MAC addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast, in the case where a RAP clones the MAC address which the LAP far from the user device has or it does not clone, we cannot detect only by checking the accordance of MAC addresses.
```

%ARP is a procedure always done at the beginning of the Wi-Fi communication for mapping IP address to MAC address in a LAN to establish communication to the Internet and composed of two phases: ARP request, and ARP reply.
%ARP request is a packet sent by a user device to a gateway i.e. router of the LAN at the beginning of the network communication.
%Since MAC address is used for a destination address of a packet in LAN communication, the device cannnot communicate with the Internet, or even gateway, without the MAC address of the gateway.
%In order to acquire a MAC address of a gateway, ARP request packets, which includes source MAC address information, are sent to the gateway's IP address. 
%After the gateway get the packet from the device, ARP reply packets are sent by the gateway to the source device on the basis of the source MAC address included in ARP request packets, which can tell the gateway's MAC address by including it as a source MAC address.
As a result, in non attack scenario or an attack scenario of $A_i\ne LAP$, which means $A_i$ is on distinct path, ARP reply packets from the gateway are observed by the user device within the detection time, represented as $t$.

> In contrast, in the case of $M_{A_i}=M_{LAP}$ in an attack scenario, ARP reply packets from the gateway cannot be observed since the LAP on the way back to the source of ARP request, i.e. the user device, receive them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast, in the case of $M_{A_i}=M_{LAP}$ in an attack scenario, ARP reply packets from the gateway cannot be observed since the LAP on the way back to the source of ARP request, i.e. the user device, receive them.
```

By searching such $M_{A_i}$ from $MAC_{all} = \{M_i|0\le i \le n_{all}\}$, the proposed scheme can reveal the $AP_{target}$ as a RAP.

\begin{thebibliography}{00}

> \bibitem{snooping1} A. Adya, P. Bahl, R. Chandra, and L. Qiu, “Architecture and techniques for diagnosing faults in IEEE 802.11 infrastructure networks,”n Proc. of ACM Annual International Co.nference on Mobile Computing and Networking, MOBICOM, 2004, pp. 30-44.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\bibitem{snooping1} A. Adya, P. Bahl, R. Chandra, and L. Qiu, “Architecture and techniques for diagnosing faults in IEEE 802.11 infrastructure networks,”n Proc. of ACM Annual International Co.nference on Mobile Computing and Networking, MOBICOM, 2004, pp. 30-44.
```
bibtex使お．
これだと面倒だろうから．
やり方はあとで教える．

\documentclass[conference]{IEEEtran}
\IEEEoverridecommandlockouts
% The preceding line is only needed to identify funding in the first footnote. If that is unneeded, please comment it out.
\usepackage{cite}
\usepackage{amsmath,amssymb,amsfonts}
\usepackage{algorithmic}
\usepackage{graphicx}
\usepackage{textcomp}
\usepackage{xcolor}
\def\BibTeX{{\rm B\kern-.05em{\sc i\kern-.025em b}\kern-.08em
    T\kern-.1667em\lower.7ex\hbox{E}\kern-.125emX}}

> \begin{document}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\newcommand{\SSID}{S_{A_{target}}}$\SSID$

\begin{document}
```
数式とかの定義のマクロはここに書いて！

If there exists the other channel on the route, the decline in the throughput can be observed by the user device, and the presence of RAP is revealed.

\subsubsection{Shortcoming of the Previous Scheme}\label{sec:shortcoming}
Although the previous scheme is successful in the detection for hardware-based RAP in the experimental environment, it cannot detect accurately in the real world.
This is because throughput is considerably dependent on various factors of the network environment such as mobility of the traffic, collisions, network topology changes, and unintentional interference.
Since the traffic in real environment is unsteady, the previous scheme is subject to environmental changes, which can lead to degrade the accuracy.
Thus, the requirement that we must satisfy is to leverage factors which are independent of the network environment for the detection.

\section{PROPOSED SCHEME}
In order to meet the requirements mentioned in Section \ref{sec:shortcoming}, in this paper, we propose \title{}.
In the following subsections, we firstly explain the idea of the proposed scheme.
In the next subsection, the algorithm is described in detail.

\subsection{Idea}

> The main idea of the proposed scheme is that there exist two APs, namely, RAP and LAP on the same path from a user device to a gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main idea of the proposed scheme is that there exist two APs, namely, the RAP and a LAP on the same path from a user device to a gateway.
```

> In general, a LAP is the only device which exists on the same path from a user device to a gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, a LAP is the only device which exists on the path.
```

Therefore, in this case, the LAP is identical to the AP directly connected with a user device.

> In an attack scenario, besides the connected RAP, a LAP exists inevitably on the other side of the RAP due to a man-in-the-middle-attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an attack scenario, besides the connected the RAP, a LAP exists inevitably on the other side of the RAP due to a man-in-the-middle-attack.
```

Therefore, a connected AP can be revealed as the RAP when the presence of a LAP is detected on the same path.

On the basis of this idea, the proposed scheme reveals that a LAP is on the other side of the connected RAP by finding out the MAC address of a LAP.
In order to discover the MAC address of a LAP on the same path, we leverage the phenomenon that a user device cannot receive Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) reply packets in the situation where there exist duplicate MAC addresses on the same path.
The proposed scheme intentionally creates such situation by setting the MAC address of a user device to the MAC addresses obtained from beacon frames of APs in the communication range of a user device.
Note that the MAC address of the AP with which a user device connects is excluded from targets for setting MAC addresses.
If the MAC address of a user device is set to that of a LAP on the same path, a LAP receives ARP reply packets whose original destination is a user device before a user device receives them.
Thus, since a user device cannot receive ARP reply packets, it continues to resend ARP requests, which results in disabling internet connectivity.

> By observing the continuance of resending ARP request packets within a definite period of time without ARP reply packets, the proposed scheme can correctly reveal that there exists the RAP and a LAP on the path, which detects the attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By observing the continuance of resending ARP request packets within a definite period of time without ARP reply packets, the proposed scheme can reveal that there exists the RAP and a LAP on the path, which detects the attack.
```

> When a user device connects with the RAP, there exists the MAC address of a LAP in the communication range of a user device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When a user device connects with the RAP, there exists the MAC address of a LAP in the communication range of a user device.
```
改行したい

This is because the RAP are located relatively near a LAP to avoid communication delay.
Hence, we can inevitably obtain the MAC address of a LAP in the case where there exists the RAP in a network.
In the real situation, it is possible that there exist several LAPs in a communication range of a user device.
Thus, we collect the only MAC addresses of APs which have the identical SSID to that of AP connected by a user device.
This is because RAP must utilize an SSID of a LAP for pretending to be LAP.

> A user device can receive ARP reply packets even if its MAC address is set to that of each LAP on the distinct paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user device can receive ARP reply packets even if its MAC address is set to that of each LAP on distinct paths.
```

This is because the MAC addresses can be duplicated except those on the same path.

> Since the proposed scheme is independent of the real network environment, it is useful for overcoming the shortcoming of the previous scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Since the proposed scheme is independent of the real network environment, it is useful for overcoming the shortcoming of the previous scheme.
```
改行したい．

In addition to that, the proposed scheme is not affected by a spoofed MAC address because it focuses on the only legitimate MAC address never spoofed.

\subsection{Algorithm}

> In this subsection, the algorithm for detection based on searching the MAC address of LAP on the same path is explained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this subsection, the algorithm for detection based on searching the MAC address of a LAP on the same path is explained.
The proposed algorithm mainly consists of 1) MAC address collection phase and 2) ARP reply based detection phase. 
```

サブサブサブセクションまで使うことになってちょっとすごいことになっているから，大まかに２つの段階にわかれているって言って，detection phaseのフローチャートはさらに4だか5段階に分かれているというのはどう？

> From this subsection, let \newcommand{\tarAP}{A_{target}}$\tarAP$ and \newcommand{\inputAP}{A_{input}}$\inputAP$ denote a targeted AP and input AP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
ちなみにtargetよりconnected の方がわかりやすくない？

> In addition, a MAC address and SSID of $A_x$ are represented as $M_{A_x}$ and $S_{A_x}$, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
A_xが何者なのか論文を読んでるだけだとわからないので，こういう書き方はしないかな．
数学とかならありなんだけど，急にA_xが出てくると査読者は？？？ってなる．
俺もなった．ということはそういうことかな．
あと，定義したのにすぐ使われないから下に移動．
定義したものを使う時に定義したいので．

> \newcommand{\tarMAC}{M_{A_{target}}} \newcommand{\tarSSID}{S_{A_{target}}} \newcommand{\userMAC}{M_{user\_device}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> \subsubsection{Preparation for the detection}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\subsubsection{MAC Address Collection}
```

> MAC addresses and SSIDs of APs are collected through beacon frames which exist in the communication range of a user device in preparation for the detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let \newcommand{\tarAP}{A_{connected}}$\tarAP$ denote a AP which connects with a user's device.
The set of MAC addresses of APs whose SSIDs are identical to that of $\tarMAC$  in the communication range of a user's device is created through beacon frames of them. 
Let the set denote $M_{all}=\{M_{input}|0\le input \le n_{all}  \}$, where $n_{all}$ is the number of collected MAC addresses.
```

> Among them, APs whose SSIDs are identical to that of the targeted AP, namely \newcommand{\SSID}{S_{A_{target}}}$\SSID$, are extracted and represented as $AP_{all}=\{A_{input}|0\le input \le n_{all}\}$, where $n_{all}$ .

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
今気づいたけど，
\newcommand{\SSID}{S_{A_{connected}}}$\SSID$ はプリアンブルに書くw
これでコンパイルできるんだねw
本文中には$\SSID$だけで同じものが表示されるはず．

> \subsubsection{Flowchart of Our System}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\subsubsection{ARP Reply based Detection}
```

> The algorithm consists of four procedures as shown in \ref{fig:flowchart}, which are 1) Comparison with $\tarMAC$, 2)Setting $\userMAC$ to \newcommand{\inputMAC}{M_{A_{input}}}$\inputMAC$ , 3)ARP request from a user device to a gateway and 4)Observation of ARP reply from the gateway to the user device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\figurename~\ref{fig:flowchart} shows the flowchart of this phase.
As shown in \figurename~\ref{fig:flowchart}, this phase consists of four procedures which are 1) Comparison with $\tarMAC$, 2)Setting $\userMAC$ to \newcommand{\inputMAC}{M_{A_{input}}}$\inputMAC$ , 3) Observation of ARP reply from the gateway to the user device.
```
分けるのは3つでいいかも．
３つ目のARPリクエストは意図的にしている処理というよりは，勝手にやられている感じするから3つ目を2つめのMACアドレスの設定にくっつけた．

> Note that they are repeatedly conducted for every MAC address in $APP_{all}$ unless a RAP is detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These procedures are repeatedly conducted for every $M_input$ in $M_{all}$ unless the RAP is detected.
```

> \subsubsection{Comparison with $\tarMAC$}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
フローチャートの中は分けずに淡々と機械的に述べていく．
マジでフローチャートを見ながらただ説明するだけのように．

> In the first phase, our system compares the $\inputMAC$ with the $\tarMAC$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the first phase, the $\inputMAC$ and the $\tarMAC$ are compared.
```

> If they are the same MAC address, namely $\inputMAC = \tarMAC$, it easily judges the either of them is RAP due to the cloned address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If they are the same MAC address, it easily judges the either of them is the RAP due to the cloned address.
In this case, since RAP is detected, the detection phase is finished.
```

> Thus, using the network should be avoided whether it is on the same path or not because the risk of being attacked is extremely high. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> However, in the case where a RAP clones the MAC address which the LAP far from the user device has or it does not clone, our system cannot detect only by checking the accordance of MAC addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in the case where the RAP clones a MAC address of a LAP beyond the communication range of a user's device or it does not clone, the accordance of MAC addresses cannot be detected only by this MAC address checking.
```

> Thus, the detection process goes to the next phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, the detection process goes to the second phase.
```

> \subsubsection{Setting $\userMAC$ to $\inputMAC$}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In this phase, in order to reveal the existence of LAP which is connected on the other side of the targeted AP if the user device is attacked, $\userMAC$ is set to $\inputMAC$ in preparation for the next procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the second phase, $\userMAC$ which denotes the MAC address of a user' s device is set to $\inputMAC$.
```

> \subsubsection{ARP Request from the User Device to the Gateway}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> After the MAC address is set to $\inputMAC$, the connection between the user device and $\tarAP$ is once lost since the gateway become unable to use original MAC address as a destination for the packets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After $\userMAC$ is set to $\inputMAC$, the connection between the user device and $\tarAP$ is once lost since the gateway become unable to use the original MAC address as a destination for the packets.
```

> Thus, the user device needs to send ARP request in order to reconnect with it through the $\tarAP$ automatically due to the stronger RSSI than any other $AP_{all}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, the user device sends ARP request in order to reconnect with it through the $\tarAP$ automatically due to the stronger RSSI than any other $M_{all}$.
```
ごめん，ここちょっとわからない．
it ってどれのこと？
RAP??　LAP？？

> \subsubsection{Observation of ARP Reply from the Gateway to the User Device}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Finally, in this procedure, the ARP reply packets, whose destination is set as $\inputMAC$, are observed in order to investigate whether the $\inputAP$ is on the same path with the user device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, in the third procedure, the ARP reply packets whose destination is set as $\inputMAC$ are observed to investigate whether the $\inputAP$ is on the same path with the user's device.
```

> If the packets do not reach the user device, the $\tarAP$ can be revealed as a RAP, which exists between the user device and the $\inputAP$ and the detection procedure is finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the packets do not reach the user's device, the $\tarAP$ can be revealed as the MAC address of the RAP which exists between the user device and the LAP with  $\inputAP$, and the detection phase is finished.
```

> Otherwise, since the $\tarAP$ is judged that it is on the distinct path from the $\inputAP$ , the flow are repeated from the beginning with the next $\inputAP$ until the all $\inputMAC$s of $AP_{all}$ are input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, the $\tarAP$ is judged that it is on the distinct path from the $\inputAP$.
In this case, the same procedures in the flowchart are repeatedly conducted for another $\inputAP$ in $\M_{all}$ until the RAP is detected.
```

> If the all $\inputAP$ are done without the detection of RAP, the $\tarAP$ is declared as a LAP. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the detection phase is carried out for all $\inputAP$ without the detection of RAP, the $\tarAP$ is declared as a LAP. 
```

\textit{name of organization (of Aff.)}\\
City, Country \\
email address or ORCID}
\and
\IEEEauthorblockN{2\textsuperscript{nd} Given Name Surname}
\IEEEauthorblockA{\textit{dept. name of organization (of Aff.)} \\
\textit{name of organization (of Aff.)}\\
City, Country \\
email address or ORCID}
\and
\IEEEauthorblockN{3\textsuperscript{rd} Given Name Surname}
\IEEEauthorblockA{\textit{dept. name of organization (of Aff.)} \\
\textit{name of organization (of Aff.)}\\
City, Country \\
email address or ORCID}
\and

}

\maketitle

\begin{abstract}
This document is a model and instructions for \LaTeX.
This and the IEEEtran.cls file define the components of your paper [title, text, heads, etc.]. *CRITICAL: Do Not Use Symbols, Special Characters, Footnotes, 
or Math in Paper Title or Abstract.
\end{abstract}

\begin{IEEEkeywords}
component, formatting, style, styling, insert
\end{IEEEkeywords}
 攻撃モデル先に言いたい感ある．
\section{INTRODUCTION}
IP見ればすぐわかるから攻撃者はMITMパターンできますよっていう説明
\section{RELATED WORKS}
Rogue AP (rAP) detection methods are mainly classified into two categories: network administrator side detections and user side detections.

> Network administrator side detections focus on the physical device's features such as Received Signal Strength Indication (RSSI) and clock skew which cannot be spoofed by an adversary unlike MAC address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Network administrator side detections focus on the physical features such as Received Signal Strength Indication (RSSI) and clock skew which cannot be spoofed by an adversary.
```

> RAP can be detected by comparing with the features in the predefined whitelist with equipment setup such as a traffic sensor in each Wi-Fi network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RAP can be detected by comparing equipment setup such as a traffic sensor in each Wi-Fi network with the features in the predefined whitelist.
```

> Wu et al. \cite{prapd} utilize the RSSI as the feature for whitelist which is a measurement hard to forge arbitrarily and highly correlated to the transmitter's location and power. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wu et al. \cite{prapd} pay attention to the RSSI which is hard to be forged arbitrarily and highly correlated to the transmitter's location and power. 
RSSI is registered as the information in whitelist.
```
あとどこかでcostly deviceを設置することを言った方が後ろの問題点と繋がるかな．

> An AP which has different RSSI but same MAC address from that in the whitelist shows it is a rAP with spoofed MAC address set by an adversary at different location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using RSSI, even if an AP has the same MAC address as that in the whitelist, that scheme can disclose that it is a RAP with spoofed MAC address set by an adversary at different location.
```

> However, it is hard to detect rAP which has no big difference in location because RSSI is not as microscopic as it can tell a small difference of the nearby location. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, that scheme is hard to detect RAP which is located near the LAP because RSSI is not as exact as it can indicate a small difference of the nearby location. 
```
rAP or RAP ??
統一しよ．

However, these network administrator side detections are inapplicable to Wi-Fi hotspots because they have to setup additional sensors or install detection software in their infrastructure to prevent attacks besides providing free Internet service.
Thus, the detection schemes that require no additional devices are desired.
% of a predefined authorized AP itself such as MAC address, channel, RSSI, and clock skew.
%The collected features are then compared with previously known features of legitimate APs to determine the legitimacy of a given AP with the equipment setup in each Wi-Fi network.
%In \cite{snooping1}, \cite{snooping2},\cite{snooping3}, the MAC address of an AP is compared against addresses of legitimate APs for detection.
%An unknown MAC address indicates that an AP is rogue.
%Also, other factors like RSSI \cite{rssi1}, \cite{rssi2}, clock skew \cite{clock1}, \cite{clock2}, or channel \cite{channel1} are used to fingerprint rAPs.
%However, these schemes are easily avoided by an attacker because the features, including MAC address, are spoofed.
%Furthermore, 

> Meanwhile, user side detections do not need Wi-Fi hotspot to be setup costly devices. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meanwhile, user side detections do not need introduce costly devices to Wi-Fi hotspot. 
```

They focus on differences in the transmission characteristics caused by the extra hop to a rAP on the path between a lAP and user's device. 

> Compared with legitimate networks, such evil hop results in several measurable changes in transmission characteristics such as Round Trip Time (RTT) and channel used between a user device and DNS server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compared with legitimate networks, extra hop results in several measurable changes in transmission characteristics such as Round Trip Time (RTT) and channel used between a user device and DNS server.
```

Mustafa et al. \cite{rtt} differentiate rAPs and lAPs by measuring the RTT between the user device and the DNS server through different target APs (rAPs or lAPs).

> Because the evil hop introduced by the rAP is added on the path, RTT in this case is longer compared with the case where a user directly connects to the lAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because there exists the extra hop caused by the rAP on the path, RTT is longer in comparison to the case where a user directly connects to the LAP.
```
evil hop だと邪悪なホップみたいな感じになって厨二病っぽいからextra hopでw

%Although that scheme can work in the network topology which has no legitimate wireless range extender (RE) the LANs have RE especially in the large area such as airports.
%In such LANs, that scheme cause false alarms because it is not able to distinguish RE and rAP.
%Similarly, \cite{rtt}, \cite{iat} utilize the packet delay caused by the extra hop instead of the hop count in \cite{traceroute}.
%Mustafa et al. \cite{rtt} propose a scheme focusing on the packet delay caused by the extra hop to rAP compared to non attack scenarios.
%They utilize round trip time (RTT) as the indicator to find out the packet delays rAP in the LAN cause.
%RTT values of packets traveling through legitimate APs (lAP) are similar, but these are different for a lAP and rAP.
%Han. et al. \cite{rtt} utilize round trip time (RTT) between the user and the DNS server to determine whether an AP is legitimite or not.
%Similarly, Yang et al. propose the detection scheme that uses a discriminative feature of inter-packet arrival time.
%These two techniques use packet delay of traffic caused by the extra hop to the rAP as a feature for detection.

> Although those schemes which utilize the packet delay are useful to the attack which the adversary set rAP up on the laptop for, Jang et al. \cite{previous} reveal the fact that the computational power of the software bridging mainly accounted for the packet delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although that scheme which leverages the packet delay are useful only for the attack for which the adversary sets RAP up on the laptop, Jang et al. \cite{previous} reveal the fact that the computational power of the software bridging mainly accounts for the packet delay.
```

Thus, the adversary can evade the packet delay based detection by utilizing hardware-based rAPs having little bridging delay unlike software-based rAPs.
%In fact, their experiments show that the shemes is not able to distinguish the legitimate AP and the hardware-based rAP.

In order to detect both types of rAPs, namely, software-based and hardware-based, \cite{previous} focuses on two communication channels utilized by a rAP between a user's device and lAP, respectively.
Whereas a rAP intervene between a user's device and lAP, two distinct channels are used to reduce communication delay caused by channel interference each other.
For example, it is assume that channel 1 is used as the channel between a user's device and a RAP, and channel 6 is that between a RAP and a LAP.

> That scheme detect rAP by finding out these two channels with the throughput of the transmission from the user's device to the DNS server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That scheme detect RAP by finding out these two channels with the throughput of the transmission from the user's device to the DNS server.
```

> That scheme is the most robust user side detection which is independent of the performance of the rAP currently because it is reasonable attack model to be setup hardware-based rAP by adversary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That scheme is the most robust user side detection which is independent of the performance of the RAP because it is the countermeasure against a reasonable attack model which hardware-based RAP is used.
```
hardware-based RAP を使った攻撃モデルに対して対策をしているからだってことでいい？？

%Although these two channels are always shown up because of the extra hop regardless of the rAP device, the throughput used for finding them out is largely dependent on the network environment.

> Thus, in this paper, we select \cite{previous} as a previous scheme and aim at proposing the user side detection which enable to detect rAP regardless on each network environment and performance of the rAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, we select \cite{previous} as the previous scheme.
In the next section, we elaborate the previous scheme.
```
in this paper は提案いう時だけに使うほうがよい．
提案することとか要件は問題点とかでいうほうがよい．
ここは関連研究のセクションだから．

%Since this scheme mainly utilizes the training detection technique and uses a relatively static threshold to differentiate legitimate and malicious routes, it needs to precollect the information of the target Wi-Fi network.
%Thus this scheme is not useful in the networks whose situsation may have significantly change or which some inexperienced users connect to.

\section{ATTACK MODEL AND PREVIOUS SCHEME}

> \subsection{Attack Model}

Reviewer: 攻撃モデルの図が欲しいのであとで作りたいところ

> In an evil twin attack, the adversary sets up rAP using the SSID of the targeted Wi-Fi network and MAC address cloned from one of the APs in the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an evil twin attack, the adversary sets up RAP using a SSID of a LAP in the targeted Wi-Fi network and MAC address cloned from one of the APs in the network.
```

> As a result, a user's device receives SSID broadcast from both lAP and the rAP, but it cannot differentiate between these APs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, although a user's device receives SSID broadcast from both LAP and the RAP, it cannot differentiate between these APs.
```
butは論文では使わないようにしよう．

> The user's device simply assumes that both the APs are legitimate and connects with the one that has a higher RSSI value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, the user's device simply connects with the AP that has a higher RSSI value.
```

> We assume the model that a rAP relays WLAN traffic between a legitimate AP providing Internet connectivity and a user's device, and may act as a man-in-the-middle-attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We assume the model that a rAP relays WLAN traffic between a legitimate AP providing Internet connectivity and a user's device, which act as a man-in-the-middle-attack.
```

By avoiding to use mobile Internet access, e.g., 3G/4G, the adversary can evade detection with Internet Services Provider (ISP) names or Global IP addresses\cite{rtt}.

> Also, we assume the adversary launched hardware-based APs which cannot be detected accurately by existing schemes because they do not cause a computational delay due to a software bridging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to that, we assume that the adversary exploits hardware-based APs which cannot be detected accurately by existing schemes since they do not cause a computational delay due to a software bridging.
```

%Thus, it cannot be detected because hardware-based APs do not cause a computational delay by the software bridging.

\subsection{Previous Scheme}
\subsubsection{Overview of the Previous Scheme}

> The main idea of the previous scheme \cite{previous} is that the adversary needs to use two distinct communication channels on the path from user's device to the router to avoid channel interference each other: one for the path between lAP and rAP and the other for that betweeen rAP and user's device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main idea of the previous scheme \cite{previous} is that the adversary needs to use two distinct communication channels on the path from user's device to the LAP to avoid channel interference each other.
The one is the channel for the path between LAP and RAP, and the other is that for that between RAP and user's device.
```
router と LAPって違うもの？？

> Thus, from the perspective of the user's device, there exists another channel on the route different from the channel with the connected AP. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, from the perspective of the user's device, there exists another channel on the route that is different from the channel with the connected AP.
```

> Since the throughput value is dependent on the traffic on the path, the channel which is used between a lAP and rAP and not able to be seen directly from the user's device can be detected as a decline in the throughput by saturating that channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extra channel cannot be observed directly from the user's device.
Since the throughput value is dependent on the traffic on the path, the channel which is used between a LAP and RAP can be detected by a decline in the throughput.
In order to decrease the throughput, the previous scheme saturates the channel used between LAP and RAP by intentional channel interference.
```

> For example, when a user's device is using channel 1 with the targeted AP which cannot be judged to be legitimacy, the user-side device introduced for intentional channel interference transmit several packets with all the channel except channel 1 to saturate the path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when a user's device is using channel 1 with an unknown AP which cannot be judged to be LAP, the user's device transmits several packets with all the channel except channel 1.
```
several packets でいいの？？
結構大量に送る必要はない？？

> If there exists the other channel on the route, the decline in the throughput can be observed by the user's device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there exists the other channel on the route, the decline in the throughput can be observed by the user's device, and the presence of RAP is revealed.
```

\subsubsection{Shortcoming of the Previous Scheme}

> Although the previous scheme is successful in the detection for hardware-based rAP in the experimental environment, it cannot detect accurately in the real world because the throughput used for finding two channels out is largely dependent on various factors of the network environment such as mobility of the traffic, collisions, network topology changes, unintentional interference and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the previous scheme is successful in the detection for hardware-based rAP in the experimental environment, it cannot detect accurately in the real world.
This is because throughput is considerably dependent on various factors of the network environment such as mobility of the traffic, collisions, network topology changes, and unintentional interference.
```
ちょっと長いから二つに切るか．

Since the traffic in real environment is unsteady, the previous scheme is subject to environmental changes which can lead to degrade the accuracy.

> Thus, it is necessary to propose the scheme which is independent of the traffic environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Also, the previous scheme can consider incorrectly a legitimate repeater which uses distinct channels on the both sides as a rAP because of the decline in the throughput as with a rAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, the previous scheme may incorrectly regard a legitimate repeater as a RAP due of the decline of the throughput by unintentional cannel interference.
Thus, the requirements that we must satisfy are as follows:
\begin{enumerate}
\item The detection scheme should leverage factors which are independent of the traffic environment.
\item  In the network environment with a legitimate repeater, it is not regarded as RAP.
\end{enumerate}
```

要件を書いてみた．（仮）

%+悪魔の双子は中継器として機能するため従来手法までの検知手法では正規中継器と悪性中継器を識別できないためにit can be 誤検知

\section{PROPOSED SCHEME}

> In order to meet the requirements mentioned in the last section, in this paper, we propose a rAP detection scheme searching MAC address lAP has which are on the same route from a user's device to a router with Address Resolve Protocol (ARP).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to meet the requirements mentioned in Section \ref{sec:previous}, in this paper, we propose \ti.  
```
本文中のタイトルは以下のコマンドで定義しといて．
\newcommand{\ti}{a rAP detection scheme searching MAC address lAP has which are on the same route from a user's device to a router with Address Resolve Protocol (ARP)}
タイトルは最後に考えよ．

> Our goal of our scheme is to realize the user side detection which are independent of the features which are affected by a network environment and able to tell whether it is a legitimate repeater or rAP accurately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

The previous scheme detects the RAP by finding out these two channels on the basis of the decline in the throughput.
In order to decrease the throughput, the previous scheme saturates the channel used between a LAP and the RAP by intentionally interfering a channel with an additional equipment in a user device.
For example, when a user device is using channel 1 with the targeted AP which cannot be judged to be legitimacy, the equipment in a user device transmits a large number of packets to all the channel except channel 1 to saturate traffic on the path.
If there exists the other channel on the route, the decline in the throughput can be observed by the user device, and the presence of RAP is revealed.

\subsubsection{Shortcoming of the Previous Scheme}\label{sec:shortcoming}
Although the previous scheme is successful in the detection for hardware-based RAP in the experimental environment, it cannot detect accurately in the real world.
This is because throughput is considerably dependent on various factors of the network environment such as mobility of the traffic, collisions, network topology changes, and unintentional interference.

> Since the traffic in real environment is unsteady, the previous scheme is subject to environmental changes, which can lead to degrade the accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the traffic in real environment is unsteady, the previous scheme is subject to environmental changes, which can lead to degrade the accuracy.
```
ここで卒論スライドで使った図５のカフェで実際に観測したスプープットを示したい気がしてきた．

If the detection phase is carried out for all $\inputAP$ without the detection of RAP, the $\tarAP$ is declared as a LAP. 
%ARP is a procedure always done at the beginning of the Wi-Fi communication for mapping IP address to MAC address in a LAN to establish communication to the Internet and composed of two phases: ARP request, and ARP reply.
%ARP request is a packet sent by a user device to a gateway i.e. router of the LAN at the beginning of the network communication.
%Since MAC address is used for a destination address of a packet in LAN communication, the device cannnot communicate with the Internet, or even gateway, without the MAC address of the gateway.
%In order to acquire a MAC address of a gateway, ARP request packets, which includes source MAC address information, are sent to the gateway's IP address. 
%After the gateway get the packet from the device, ARP reply packets are sent by the gateway to the source device on the basis of the source MAC address included in ARP request packets, which can tell the gateway's MAC address by including it as a source MAC address.

\section{EVALUATION}

> In order to demonstrate the effectiveness of our scheme, we compare it with the scheme \cite{previous} which interferes the channel between a LAP and RAP explained above as a previous scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed scheme, we compare it with the scheme \cite{previous} which interferes the channel between a LAP and RAP explained above as a previous scheme.
```

our schemeは間違いではないし，俺の論文にも書いてあったと思うんだけど，実はあんまり使われないらしいから， これ以降もthe proposed scheme で統一しよ．つまり，俺の論文の書き方があまりよくないらしい．
直しておいて．

The metric of the evaluations are Accuracy (ACC), TPR (True Positive Rate), and FPR (False Positive Rate) defined as
\begin{gather}
    ACC = \frac{TP + TN}{TP + TN + FP + FN} \\
    TPR = \frac{TP}{TP + FN} \\
    FPR = \frac{FP}{FP + TN}
\end{gather}
where TP, TN, FP, and FN denote the number of True Positive (RAPs is reregarded as RAPs), True Negative (LAPs are regarded as LAPs), False Positive (LAPs are regarded as RAPs), and False Negative (RAPs are regarded as LAPs), respectively.
We evaluate our scheme with these metrics by two scenarios which are the case of attack where a user device connects with a RAP and that of non-attack where a user device connects with a LAP.

\subsection{Experimental Setup}
We implemented the detectors in a laptop, which is a MacBook Pro with an Intel Core i5 CPU and 16GB RAM.
In order to configure \cite{previous} for comparison, we use a TP-Link Archer C6 as an interference device.

Simiraly, the same AP devices are used for both LAP and RAP.

> In additon, in order to set a RAP up for distinct channel from LAP, TP-Link Archer C50 is introduced as a repeater between the RAP and LAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In additon, in order to set a RAP up for distinct channel from a LAP, TP-Link Archer C50 is introduced as a repeater between the RAP and the LAP.
```

> These two APs, where one is in the station mode and the other is in AP mode, are interconnected using a LAN cable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two APs, where one is in the station mode and the other is in AP mode, are interconnected using a LAN cable.
```
These two APs は何を指してる？
RAP（AP mode） と中継機(station mode)？

All devices are operated in the IEEE 802.11n mode with MIMO.
We arrange a LAP, RAP, and user device at equal intervals and it is about 5 feet.

\subsection{Traffic Scenario}
In order to demonstrate the robustness against unstable traffic in real environment, we intentionally generate random traffic to the LAP at random time in each experiment.
\figurename~\ref{fig:traffic} shows one of the traffic examples used in the experiments. 

\subsection{Time of Detection}

> The experiments are conducted for 100 times in each case, namely attack scenario and non attack scenario, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The experiments are conducted for each case, namely attack scenario and non attack scenario 100 times.
```

The average time required per detection is represented as $T$.
It is affected by the observation time of ARP procedure per AP, which is represented as $\Delta t$ , and also the number of LAPs before a RAP is detected in an attack scenario.

> We conduct each evaluation by changing $\Delta t$  set to 5s through 10s at every second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We conduct each evaluation by changing $\Delta t$ from 5 seconds to 10 seconds at every second.
```

> In addition, during the time, if ARP reply packets are observed on the occasion of the time, our scheme judges the AP is not on the same path with a targeted AP and proceed to the next AP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
これはアルゴリズムで述べたからいらないかな

> Conversaly, if ARP reply packets cannot be observed during the observation time, our scheme regards the AP as a RAP and quit continuing the entire detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
これも

\subsection{Evaluation of the Proposed Scheme}

> First, in order to show the effectiveness of our scheme, we compare it with \cite{previous} with ACC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, in order to show the effectiveness of the proposed scheme, we compare it with the previous scheme \cite{previous} in terms of ACC.
```
提案の評価なのに従来が出てきているのが少し気になる？
従来の図はどんな図を想定している？

\figurename~\ref{fig:acc} shows the result of our evaluation for each scheme.
The both schemes are conducted in the random traffic scenario.

> As shown in \figurename~\ref{fig:acc}, \cite{previous} cannot detect the attack accurately and the ACC is about 69\%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in \figurename~\ref{fig:acc}, the previous scheme cannot accurately detect the attack, and the ACC is about 69\%.
```

> As regards the proposal scheme, however the ACC is lower than that of \cite{previous} when each ARP observation time is shorter than 5s, it is getting higher with the observation time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, with regards to the proposed scheme, the ACC is lower than that of the previous scheme when each ARP observation time is shorter than 5s, it is getting higher as the observation time increases.
```
5秒以下の結果はまだない図で示される？

> In particular, in the case where the time is longer than 7s, ACC is improved up to 96.5\%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, in the case where the time is longer than 7s, ACC is improved up to 96.5\%.
```
表を先に示したい．

> \begin{table}[htb] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\begin{table}[t] 
```
図とか表は上か下に統一する．
おれは上（t）がすき．

    \begin{center}
        \caption{Evaluation of the Detection}
        \begin{tabular}{c c c c } \hline
            $\Delta t$ (s) & ACC (\%) & TPR (\%)& FPR (\%) \\ \hline \hline

>             5.0 & 59.7 & 100.0 & 19.4   \\ 

Reviewer: FPRはACCが上がるにつれて低くなるはず．
これTPRでは？？
だから多分19.4じゃなくて80.6じゃない？
他の行も同様．
あと，表より図の方が見栄えいい気もするなー
折れ線グラフか，
ACC，TPR，FPRが横並びで
｜｜｜　｜｜｜　｜｜｜
　5s             6s            7s
的な？w

            6.0 & 74.0 & 100.0 & 48.1   \\
            7.0 & 94.4 & 100.0 & 88.8   \\
            8.0 & 96.5 & 100.0 & 92.9   \\
            9.0 & 96.4 & 100.0 & 92.7   \\
            10.0& 96.5 & 100.0 & 93.1   \\ \hline
        \end{tabular}
    \end{center}
\end{table}

As a result, shown in \tablename~\ref{}, the longer each observation time is, the higher FPR is.

> Moreover, the higher FPR results in the higher ACC, directly since the TPR is always 100.0\%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, the lower FPR results in the higher ACC directly since the TPR is always 100.0\%.
```

In order to reveal the reason, we analyze the ARP packets in detail.
Through the packet analysis, we disclose the reason is that the time for finishing ARP procedure tends to be longer than 6s and it is not always fixed.

> Thus, in the case of lower FPR, LAPs are detected as RAPs incorrectly since it is not enough for a user device to get ARP reply packets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, in the case of less than 7.0 seconds, LAPs are detected as RAPs incorrectly since it is not enough for a user device to get ARP reply packets.
```

Given the fact, we conduct the further experiment to realize more precise detection by setting enough time to auquire ARP reply packets.

> As a result, we enable the detection without any error when the $\Delta t$ is set to 15s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, we conclude that the proposed scheme enables the detection without any error when the $\Delta t$ is set to 15 seconds.
```

\subsection{Evaluation in a Real Environment}

> In order to demonstrate the effectiveness of our scheme in a real enrionment, we conduct it in a cafe and evaluate ACC and the total time required for the detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed scheme in a real environment, we conduct an experiment in a cafe and evaluate ACC and the total time required for the detection.
```

There exists three APs arranged, whose SSID are all same.

> In the attack scenario, one of them is replaced by a RAP, which has a same SSID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the attack scenario, one of them is replaced by a RAP, which has a same SSID.
```
これはどういうこと？
置き換えたってこと？
すたばでどうやったの？

これっていつも一つのLAPに接続していて，RAPがいないと想定したときは，そのLAPのMACアドレスには設定しないけど，RAPがいると想定したときは，つながってるLAPのMACアドレスを端末に設定することで評価している？
そうならそう書いた方がいい．
Replaceというと伝わりにくい．

> In the same way with the last experiment above, we conduct our scheme in the both cases where a user device connects with a RAP or LAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the same way with the experiment in the previous subsection, we conduct the proposed scheme in the both cases where a user's device connects with a RAP or a LAP.
```

The experiments are conducted around 2:00pm on a weekday at an cafe.

> The observation time of ARP procedure is set to 15s enough to get ARP reply packets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The observation time of ARP procedure is set to 15 seconds enough to get ARP reply packets.
```

\tablename~\ref{tab:real} shows the results in the real environment.
Our scheme realize 100\% accuracy even in a real environment if the time for observation of ARP procedure is enough.

> At that time, the avg. total time per detection is 32.1s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At that time, the average total time per detection is 32.1 seconds.
```

\begin{table}[htb] 
    \begin{center}
        \caption{Evaluation Result in Real Environment}
        \begin{tabular}{c c} \hline
            ACC (\%) & Avg. Total Time (s) \\ \hline \hline
            100.0 & 32.1 \\ \hline
        \end{tabular}
    \end{center}
\end{table}

> Through this result, it can be said that our proposal can detect the attack accurately in a real environment whose traffic is unstable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through this result, we conclude that the proposed proposal can accurately detect the attack even in a real environment whose traffic is unstable.
```

> However, as with other existing schemes, our schemes also assumes Wi-Fi network models where legitimate repeaters are not installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, as with other existing schemes, the proposed scheme also assumes Wi-Fi network models where legitimate repeaters are not installed.
```

> It may be not unusual to introduce a legitimate repeater in their network to relay traffic farther at the expense of transmission speed in a large area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It may be usual to introduce a legitimate repeater in their network to relay traffic farther at the expense of transmission speed in a large area.
```
at the expense of transmission speed ってどういう意味？？

> In this case, our proposal can not distinguish a RAP and legitimate repeater since both of them relay packets between a user device and LAP in the same way as man-in-the-middle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the proposed scheme cannot distinguish a RAP and legitimate repeater since both of them relay packets between a user device and a LAP in the same way as man-in-the-middle.
```

> However, in order to detect the attack even in such Wi-Fi networks, we are focusing on their RSSI values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in order to detect the attack even in such Wi-Fi networks, we focus on their RSSI values.
```

> Since a legitimate repeater has a function to rely packets from a LAP to where it cannot do due to the long distance, it should be located far from a LAP in general.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since a legitimate repeater has a function to rely packets from a LAP to devices which cannot connect with the LAP due to the long distance, it should be located far from a LAP in general.
```

In contrast, a RAP is basically introduced near a connecting LAP not to cause traffic delay due to their long distance.

> On the basis of this idea, we work on the additional procedure as a future work to distinguish legitimate repeater with RSSI value, which can tell their general distance each other \cite{rssi}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, we assume that a AP can be judged whether it is a legitimate repeater or not on the basis of this idea.
In the future, we plan to devise the additional countermeasures and conduct experiments so as to distinguish legitimate repeater with RSSI value, which can tell their general distance each other \cite{rssi}.
```

> For example, it can judge a AP as a legitimate repeater if their difference of RSSI values are larger than a threshold of the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
ここまで思いついているのならやれよって言われそうw
一旦消してみる．

    T\kern-.1667em\lower.7ex\hbox{E}\kern-.125emX}}

\newcommand{\SSID}{S_{A_{target}}}
\newcommand{\tarMAC}{M_{A_{target}}}
\newcommand{\userMAC}{M_{user}}
\newcommand{\inputAP}{A_{input}}
\newcommand{\tarAP}{A_{target}}
\begin{document}

\title{Conference Paper Title*\\
{\footnotesize \textsuperscript{*}Note: Sub-titles are not captured in Xplore and
should not be used}
\thanks{identify applicable funding agency here. If none, delete this.}
}

\author{\IEEEauthorblockN{1\textsuperscript{st} Given Name Surname}
\IEEEauthorblockA{\textit{dept. name of organization (of Aff.)} \\
\textit{name of organization (of Aff.)}\\
City, Country \\
email address or ORCID}
\and
\IEEEauthorblockN{2\textsuperscript{nd} Given Name Surname}
\IEEEauthorblockA{\textit{dept. name of organization (of Aff.)} \\
\textit{name of organization (of Aff.)}\\
City, Country \\
email address or ORCID}
\and
\IEEEauthorblockN{3\textsuperscript{rd} Given Name Surname}
\IEEEauthorblockA{\textit{dept. name of organization (of Aff.)} \\
\textit{name of organization (of Aff.)}\\
City, Country \\
email address or ORCID}
\and

}

\maketitle

\begin{abstract}
Detecting a rougue AP (RAP) in Wi-Fi network is imperative.

> The existing schemes are divided into network administrator side detections and user side detections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The existing schemes are divided into network administrator side detections and user side detections.
```
ここは従来の方式だけを紹介すればいいかな．

The former is inapplicable to the free Wi-Fi network due to the cost problem.
Although the latter can be introduced every Wi-Fi network, its detection performances depend on the real environment or performance of a RAP.
Thus, it is necessary to design the scheme which is independent of such factors.

> In this paper, we propose \title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this paper, we propose \title.
```
提案以降はなんとなくいい気がする．
最後にほかが完全に書き終わったら最後に見る．

Since the RAP is established between a user device and legitimate AP (LAP), in attack case, there exists two APs on the path.
On the basis of this idea, the proposed scheme reveal the connected AP as a RAP by searching another AP on the path besides the connected AP.
In order to finding a LAP out, the proposed scheme observes ARP procedure to detect its MAC address.
By setting MAC address of a user device to that of LAP which is on the same path, ARP reply packets from a gateway does not sent to the user device as in usual.
As aresult, the proposed scheme achieves an accuracy of 96.5\%.
True positive rate and false positive rate are 31.0\% higher and 9.0\% lower than the previous scheme even in unstable traffic environment. 
Furthermore, by extending the observation time of ARP procedure, we realize an accuracy of 100.0\% without any error.
The proposed scheme can detect RAPs accurately even in a real environment where the prevous scheme cannnot.
\end{abstract}

\begin{IEEEkeywords}
component, formatting, style, styling, insert
\end{IEEEkeywords}

\section{INTRODUCTION}

> With the rapid development of wireless communication techniques, Wi-Fi as the most commonly used Internet access technology is deployed and keeps spreading all over the world to everywhere of our daily life, such as shopping malls, restaurants, public transit systems and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the rapid development of wireless communication techniques, Wi-Fi as the most commonly used Internet access technology is deployed and keeps spreading all over the world.
It is located in everywhere of our daily life, such as shopping malls, restaurants, public transit systems and so on.
```

> While the free access to Wi-Fi network attarcts a large number of users, it also allows an adversary to launch attacks to users just by setting up a rogue AP (RAP) in the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the free access to Wi-Fi network attarcts a large number of users, it also allows an adversary to launch attacks to the users just by setting up a rogue AP (RAP) in the network.
```

> An Evil Twin Attack is one of the attack where a RAP is established between a user device and the Internet as man-in-the-middle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Evil Twin Attack is one of the attack where a RAP is established between a user device and the Internet as man-in-the-middle (MITM) attack.
```

> The RAP clones the service set identifier (SSID) and or even MAC address of a legitimate AP provided by a public facility, which is the reason why it is called "evil twin attack".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RAP clones the service set identifier (SSID) and or even MAC address of a legitimate AP provided by a public facility, which is the reason why it is called ``evil twin attack''.
```
texでは `` と '' で囲む

> By acting as man-in-the-middle and observing relayed packets between a user device and LAP, an adversary can eavesdrop on the exchange of sensitive information such as identity credentials, passwords, and bank account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By acting as MITM attack, an adversary can eavesdrop on the exchange of sensitive information such as identity credentials, passwords, and bank account thorough observing relayed packets between a user device and LAP.
```

> In addition, an adversary can also mount an acctive attack by leading a user to phishing websites or infecting a user device with malicious softwares.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, an adversary can also mount an active attack by leading a user to phishing websites or infecting a user device with malicious softwares.
```

> Since, our wireless devices connect automatically to an AP which has the strongest received signal strength indication (RSSI) of all APs which have same SSID and moreover they are provided Internet services as usual, an adversary can succed an attack without being noticed by a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since, wireless devices connect automatically to an AP which has the strongest received signal strength indication (RSSI) among all APs which have same SSID.
Moreover by exploiting the characteristic that users freely connect free Wi-Fi network, an adversary can succeed in the attacks without being noticed by a user.
```
ながいw

Thus, the detection of the RAPs is urgent demand.

> The attack is divided into two models based on how a RAP provide the Internet service to user device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The attack is divided into two models based on how a RAP provides the Internet service to user device.
```

A model where a RAP use mobile communication can be detected easily with Internet Services Provider (ISP) names or Global IP addresses\cite{rtt}.

> We focus on another model where a RAP uses same gateway with LAPs in the network by connecting with one of it since it cannot be detected by existing schemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We focus on another model where a RAP uses same gateway with LAPs in the network by connecting with one of them since it cannot be easily detected by existing schemes.
```

> During an early stage, the RAP detection is network administrator side detection based on whitelist-based mechanisms\cite{prapd}\cite{clockskew }.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During an early stage, the RAP detection is network administrator side detection based on whitelist-based mechanisms\cite{prapd}\cite{clockskew }.
```
ここからは既存の検知方式がネットワーク管理者サイドとユーザサイドがあるって話で書きたい．

> However, those solutions are inapplicable to Wi-Fi hotspots since administrators have little motivation to guarantee no attacks by setting up additional devices in their infrastructures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, those solutions are inapplicable to Wi-Fi hotspots since administrators have little motivation to guarantee no attacks by setting up additional devices in their infrastructures.
```
ここはネットワーク管理者サイドがダメな理由としてそのまま使えそう．

> In order to realize applicable detection, the user side detections based on communication features have been proposed\cite{rtt}\cite{previous}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to realize applicable detection, the user side detections based on communication features have been proposed\cite{rtt}\cite{previous}.
```
ユーザサイドがどういうふうにやっているかをひとこと述べる．

> Nevertheless, these existing approachs depend on an attack model or environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nevertheless, these existing approaches depend on an attack model or environment.
```
この辺で，多くの方式が提案されている中で，〜の理由で，従来に着目したっていう話を入れたい．
従来は最も有用な方式であるが，実環境ではトラフィックは一定ではないから不十分だ．
したがって，ネットワークの環境に依存しない方式が必要だ．
それを実現するために，in this paper, タイトル．
みたいな感じにしたい．あくまでも関連から提案までの流れは今まで書いてきたものと同じにしたい．

> In order to realize the user side detection which is independent of other factors, in this paper, we propose \title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to realize the user side detection which is independent of other factors, in this paper, we propose \title.
```
俺の今までの書いてきたイメージだと単純に提案＞従来って感じだったんだけど，
ここまで読んだ感じ，提案 > 今までの既存の方式って感じでイントロ書いている？
実際，最強だと言っている従来を超えるから，そうだとは思うんだけど問題点と提案の章では，ネットワークトラフィックに依存することが悪いって言うのが一番の問題だと言って書いているから，ここで書いていることと問題点及び提案で書いていることとちょっと違くなっちゃう気がする．
なので，後ろの従来の問題点とかに合わせたいかな．

The main idea of our scheme is that there exist two APs, namely the RAP and a LAP, on the same path from a user device to a gateway.

> Therefore, in an attack scenario, besides the connected RAP, a LAP exists inevitably on the other side of the RAP due to a man-in-the-middle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, in an attack scenario, besides the connected RAP, a LAP exists inevitably on the other side of the RAP because of the MITM attack.
```

On the basis of this idea, the proposed scheme reveals the connected AP as RAP by finding MAC address of such LAP from obtainable beacon frames by a user device.
However, a user device cannnot distinguish the path of LAPs only by acquiring candidate MAC addresses.
Thus, we focus on the phenomenon that a user device connot receive Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) reply packets from a gateway in the situation where there exist duplicate MAC addresses on the same path.
The proposed scheme intentionally creates such situation by setting the MAC address of a user device to the candidate MAC addresses and finds out the one that a LAP on the same path has.

> By doing this, the proposed scheme can reveal the connected AP as RAP in a attack scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By doing this, the proposed scheme can reveal the connected AP as RAP in an attack scenario.
```

The contributions of our scheme are as follows:
\begin{enumerate}
    \renewcommand{\labelenumi}{\arabic{enumi}).}

>     \item To the best of our knowledge, the proposed scheme is the first one which does not require features of the RAP. By taking advantage of the feature of a LAP, the proposed detection does not allow an adversary to avoid it by manipulating features of a RAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item To the best of our knowledge, the proposed scheme is the first one which independent of features of a RAP. By taking advantage of the feature of a LAP, the proposed scheme does not allow an adversary to avoid it by manipulating features of the RAP.
```

>     \item The proposed scheme achieves accurate detection performance without any error even in a real environment. It is independent of other factors unlike existing works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item The proposed scheme achieves accurate detection performance without any error even in a real environment. It is independent of other factors unlike existing works.
```
他の要素って何を指している？
ARPってトラフィックが混雑してても大体同じ時間で届くのかな？
多少影響はある気がするけど，もしそうなら完全に依存しないとは言えないかも．
もし違うならまあいいかな．

For example, when a user device is using channel 1 with the targeted AP which cannot be judged to be legitimacy, the equipment in a user device transmits a large number of packets to all the channel except channel 1 to saturate traffic on the path.
If there exists the other channel on the route, the decline in the throughput can be observed by the user device, and the presence of RAP is revealed.

\subsubsection{Shortcoming of the Previous Scheme}\label{sec:shortcoming}
\begin{figure}[t]
    \begin{center}
        \includegraphics[scale=0.5]{image/Thrput.pdf}
        \caption{Throughput in a Cafe}
        \label{thrput}
    \end{center}
\end{figure}

Although the previous scheme is successful in the detection for hardware-based RAP in the experimental environment, it cannot detect accurately in the real world.
This is because throughput is considerably dependent on various factors of the network environment such as mobility of the traffic, collisions, network topology changes, and unintentional interference.

> \figurename~\ref{thrput} is the graph which shows the change of throughput in a cafe on a weekday.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\figurename~\ref{thrput} shows the graph regarding the change of throughput in a cafe on a weekday.
```

> Since the traffic in real environment is unsteady as shown in \figurename~\ref{thrput} in fact, the previous scheme is subject to environmental changes, which can lead to degrade the accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the traffic in real environment is unsteady as shown in \figurename~\ref{thrput} in fact, the previous scheme is subject to environmental changes, which can lead to degrade the detection performance.
```

When a user device connects with the RAP, there exists the MAC address of a LAP in the communication range of a user device.
This is because the RAP are located relatively near a LAP to avoid communication delay.
Hence, we can inevitably obtain the MAC address of a LAP in the case where there exists the RAP in a network.
In the real situation, it is possible that there exist several LAPs in a communication range of a user device.
Thus, we collect the only MAC addresses of APs which have the identical SSID to that of AP connected by a user device.
This is because RAP must utilize an SSID of a LAP for pretending to be LAP.
A user device can receive ARP reply packets even if its MAC address is set to that of each LAP on distinct paths.
This is because the MAC addresses can be duplicated except those on the same path.

Since the proposed scheme is independent of the real network environment, it is useful for overcoming the shortcoming of the previous scheme.
In addition to that, the proposed scheme is not affected by a spoofed MAC address because it focuses on the only legitimate MAC address never spoofed.

> \subsection{Algorithm}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\subsection{Algorithm}
```
フローチャートの図で登場するパラメータと本文中のパラメータを合わせたい．

\begin{figure}[t]
    \begin{center}
        \includegraphics[scale=0.4]{image/flowchart.pdf}
        \caption{The Flowchart of Proposed Scheme}
        \label{flowchart}
    \end{center}
\end{figure}

> n this subsection, the algorithm for detection based on searching the MAC address of a LAP on the same path is explained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this subsection, the algorithm for detection based on searching the MAC address of a LAP on the same path is explained.
```

The proposed algorithm mainly consists of 1) MAC address collection phase and 2) ARP reply based detection phase. 

\subsubsection{MAC Address Collection}

> Let $\tarAP$ denote a AP which connects with a user's device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let $\tarAP$ and $M_{\tarAP}$ denote a AP which connects with a user's device and the MAC address of it, respectively.
```

The set of MAC addresses of APs whose SSIDs are identical to that of $\tarMAC$  in the communication range of a user's device is created through beacon frames of them. 

> Let the set denote $M_{all}=\{M_{input}|0\le input \le n_{all}  \}$, where $n_{all}$ is the number of collected MAC addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let the set denote $M_{all}=\{m_{input}|0\le input \le n_{all}  \}$, where $n_{all}$ is the number of collected MAC addresses.
```

\subsubsection{ARP Reply based Detection}
\figurename~\ref{fig:flowchart} shows the flowchart of this phase.

> As shown in \figurename~\ref{fig:flowchart}, this phase consists of four procedures which are 1) Comparison with $\tarMAC$, 2)Setting $\userMAC$ to \newcommand{\inputMAC}{M_{A_{input}}}$\inputMAC$ , 3) Observation of ARP reply from the gateway to the user device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in \figurename~\ref{fig:flowchart}, this phase consists of three procedures which are 1) Comparison with $\tarMAC$, 2)Setting MAC address, 3) Observation of ARP reply from the gateway to the user device.
```
$\userMAC$ to \newcommand{\inputMAC}{M_{A_{input}}}$\inputMAC$ 
これはプリアンブルで定義する．

> These procedures are repeatedly conducted for every $M_input$ in $M_{all}$ unless the RAP is detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These procedures are repeatedly conducted for every $M_{input}$ in $M_{all}$ unless the RAP is detected.
```

> In the first phase, the $\inputMAC$ and the $\tarMAC$ are compared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the first phase, the $\inputMAC$ and the $\tarMAC$ are compared.
```
M_{input}なのかM|{A_{input}統一したい．
あとMは小文字のmの方がいい

%ARP request is a packet sent by a user device to a gateway i.e. router of the LAN at the beginning of the network communication.
%Since MAC address is used for a destination address of a packet in LAN communication, the device cannnot communicate with the Internet, or even gateway, without the MAC address of the gateway.
%In order to acquire a MAC address of a gateway, ARP request packets, which includes source MAC address information, are sent to the gateway's IP address. 
%After the gateway get the packet from the device, ARP reply packets are sent by the gateway to the source device on the basis of the source MAC address included in ARP request packets, which can tell the gateway's MAC address by including it as a source MAC address.

\section{EVALUATION}\label{sec:5}
In order to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed scheme, we compare it with the scheme \cite{previous} which interferes the channel between a LAP and RAP explained above as a previous scheme.

The metric of the evaluations are Accuracy (ACC), TPR (True Positive Rate), and FPR (False Positive Rate) defined as
\begin{gather}

>     ACC = \frac{TP + TN}{TP + TN + FP + FN} \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \mathrm{ACC} = \frac{\mathrm{TP}+\mathrm{TN}}{\mathrm{TP} + \mathrm{TN} + \mathrm{FP} + \mathrm{FN}} \\
```
斜体を解除
TPRとFPRも

In additon, as shown in \figurename~\ref{tpr}, TPR of the proposed scheme is 100.0\% regardless of the observation time, which means it never pass a RAP over in an attack scenario.

In order to reveal the reason of these results, we analyze the ARP packets in detail.
Through the packet analysis, we disclose the reason is that the time for finishing ARP procedure tends to be longer than 6s and it is not always fixed.
Thus, in the case of less than 7.0 seconds, several LAPs are detected as RAPs incorrectly since it is not enough for a user device to get ARP reply packets while the reverse is never happen.
Given the fact, we conduct the further experiment to realize more precise detection by setting enough time to auquire ARP reply packets.
As a result, we conclude that the proposed scheme enables the detection without any error when the $\Delta t$ is set to 15 seconds.

\subsection{Evaluation in a Real Environment}
In order to demonstrate the robustness and reruired time of the proposed scheme in a real environment, we conduct an experiment in a cafe and evaluate ACC and the total time required for the detection.

> There exists three APs arranged, whose SSID are all same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Three APs whose SSID are all same were arranged in the cafe.
```

In the attack scenario, one of them is replaced by a RAP, which has a same SSID.
In the same way with the experiment in the previous subsection, we conduct the proposed scheme in the both cases where a user's device connects with a RAP or a LAP.
The experiments are conducted around 2:00pm on a weekday at an cafe.
The observation time of ARP procedure is set to 15 seconds enough to get ARP reply packets.
\tablename~\ref{tab:real} shows the results in the real environment.

> Our scheme realize 100\% accuracy even in a real environment if the time for observation of ARP procedure is enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proposed scheme realizes 100\% accuracy even in a real environment if the time for observation of ARP procedure is enough.
```

> At that time, the average total time per detection is 32.1 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At that time, the average total time per detection is 32.1 seconds.
```
この32.1秒に対してなにか言いたい．
先生がよく言うデータじゃなくて出た状態になっているから，32秒ならユーザはストレスを感じることなくRAPを検知できるよとかそんなことを言いたい？

> \begin{table}[htb] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\begin{table}[t] 
```

    \begin{center}
        \caption{Evaluation Result in Real Environment}
        \begin{tabular}{c c} \hline
            ACC (\%) & Avg. Total Time (s) \\ \hline \hline
            100.0 & 32.1 \\ \hline
        \end{tabular}
    \end{center}
\end{table}

> Through this result, we conclude that the proposed proposal can accurately detect the attack even in a real environment whose traffic is unstable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Through this result, we conclude that the proposed scheme can accurately detect the attack with relatively short time in a real environment whose traffic is unstable.
```
ここは上の段落に入れたい．

> However, as with other existing schemes, the proposed scheme also assumes Wi-Fi network models where legitimate repeaters are not installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

However, as with other existing schemes, the proposed scheme also assumes Wi-Fi network models where legitimate repeaters are not installed.
```
ここから段落を分けたい．

It may be usual to introduce a legitimate repeater in their network to relay traffic farther at the expense of transmission speed in a large area.
In this case, the proposed scheme cannot distinguish a RAP and legitimate repeater since both of them relay packets between a user device and a LAP in the same way as man-in-the-middle.

> However, in order to detect the attack even in such Wi-Fi networks, we focus on their RSSI values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to detect the attack even in such Wi-Fi networks, we focus on their RSSI values, which can tell their general distance each other \cite{rssi}.
```

> Since a legitimate repeater has a function to rely packets from a LAP to devices which cannot connect with the LAP due to the long distance, it should be located far from a LAP in general.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since a legitimate repeater has a function to relay packets from a LAP to devices which cannot connect with the LAP because of the long distance, it should be located far from a LAP in general.
```

In contrast, a RAP is basically introduced near a connecting LAP not to cause traffic delay due to their long distance.
Thus, we assume that a AP can be judged whether it is a legitimate repeater or not on the basis of this idea.

> In the future, we plan to devise the additional countermeasures and conduct experiments so as to distinguish legitimate repeater with RSSI value, which can tell their general distance each other \cite{rssi}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the future, we plan to devise the additional countermeasures and conduct some experiments so as to distinguish legitimate repeater with RSSI value.
```

The average time required per detection is represented as $T$.
It is affected by the observation time of ARP procedure per AP, which is represented as $\Delta t$ , and also the number of LAPs before a RAP is detected in an attack scenario.
We conduct each evaluation by changing $\Delta t$ from 5 seconds to 10 seconds at every second.

\subsection{Evaluation of the Proposed Scheme}

\begin{figure}[t]
    \begin{minipage}{0.33\hsize}
        \begin{center}
            \includegraphics[width=20mm,bb=9 9 358 434]{image/ACC.png}
        \end{center}
        \caption{The ACC of the Proposed Scheme}
        \label{fig:acc}
    \end{minipage}
    \begin{minipage}{0.33\hsize}
        \begin{center}
            \includegraphics[width=20mm,bb=9 9 358 434]{image/TPR.png}
        \end{center}
        \caption{The TPR of the Proposed Scheme}
        \label{fig:tpr}
    \end{minipage}
    \begin{minipage}{0.33\hsize}
        \begin{center}
            \includegraphics[width=20mm,bb=9 9 358 434]{image/FPR.png}
        \end{center}
        \caption{The FPR of the Proposed Scheme}
        \label{fig:fpr}
    \end{minipage}

\end{figure}

> First, in order to show the effectiveness of the proposed scheme (Prop.), we compare it with the previous scheme \cite{previous} (Prev.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to show the effectiveness of the proposed scheme (Prop.), we compare it with the previous scheme \cite{previous} (Prev.).
```

> \figurename~\ref{fig:acc}, \ref{fig:tpr}, and\ref{fig:fpr} show the results of our evaluations for each scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\figurename~\ref{fig:acc} show the results the ACC of each scheme.
```

> The both schemes are conducted in the random traffic scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> As shown in \figurename~\ref{fig:acc}, the previous scheme cannot accurately detect the attack, and the ACC is about 69\%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in \figurename~\ref{fig:acc}, the previous scheme cannot accurately detect the attack in random traffic scenario, and the ACC is about 69\%.
```

> As regards the proposal scheme, however the ACC is lower than that of \cite{previous} when each ARP observation time is not greater than 6s, it is getting higher with the observation time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However the ACC of the proposed scheme is lower than that of the previous scheme when each ARP observation time is not greater than 6s.
The ACC is getting higher as the observation time increases.
```

In particular, in the case where the time is longer than 7s, ACC is improved up to 96.5\% in the propsed scheme.

> As a result, shown in \figurename~\ref{fpr}, the longer each observation time is, the lower FPR is in the proposal scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\figurename~\ref{fpr} shows the FPR of each scheme.
As shown in \figurename~\ref{fpr}, the longer each observation time is, the lower FPR is in the proposed scheme.
```

> It improves up to 74\% in the result of the last three time settings compared with that of the beginning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It improves up to 74\% in the result of the last three time settings compared with that of the beginning.
```
FPRは高いとよくない指標だから逆？？
直しておいて

> In additon, as shown in \figurename~\ref{tpr}, TPR of the proposed scheme is 100.0\% regardless of the observation time, which means it never pass a RAP over in an attack scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In additon, \figurename~\ref{tpr} shows the TPR of each scheme.
As shown in \figurename~\ref{tpr}, TPR of the proposed scheme is 100.0\% regardless of the observation time, which means it never pass a RAP over in an attack scenario.
```

In order to reveal the reason of these results, we analyze the ARP packets in detail.
Through the packet analysis, we disclose the reason is that the time for finishing ARP procedure tends to be longer than 6s and it is not always fixed.

> Thus, in the case of less than 7.0 seconds, several LAPs are detected as RAPs incorrectly since it is not enough for a user device to get ARP reply packets while the reverse is never happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, in the case of less than 7.0 seconds, several LAPs are detected as RAPs incorrectly since it is not enough for a user device to get ARP reply packets while the reverse is never happen.
```
the reverse is never happen
どういうこと？

\section{RELATED WORKS}
Rogue AP (RAP) detection methods are mainly classified into two categories: network administrator side detections and user side detections.
Network administrator side detections focus on the physical features such as Received Signal Strength Indication (RSSI) and clock skew which cannot be spoofed by an adversary.
RAP can be detected by comparing with the physical features of it with those in the predefined whitelist with equipments such as traffic sensors in each Wi-Fi network.

Wu et al. \cite{prapd} pay attention to the RSSI which is hard to be forged arbitrarily and highly correlated to the transmitter's location and power.

> RSSI, which is measured by additional coslty devices, is registered as the information in whitelist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each LAP in a network, RSSI, which is measured by additional costly devices, is registered as the information in whitelist beforehand.
```
単純な疑問なんだけど，RSSI 測定するための機械って高いのかね？
そんな高くないならcostlyは消してもいいかも．

%The collected features are then compared with previously known features of legitimate APs to determine the legitimacy of a given AP with the equipment setup in each Wi-Fi network.
%In \cite{snooping1}, \cite{snooping2},\cite{snooping3}, the MAC address of an AP is compared against addresses of legitimate APs for detection.
%An unknown MAC address indicates that an AP is rogue.
%Also, other factors like RSSI \cite{rssi1}, \cite{rssi2}, clock skew \cite{clock1}, \cite{clock2}, or channel \cite{channel1} are used to fingerprint RAPs.
%However, these schemes are easily avoided by an attacker because the features, including MAC address, are spoofed.
%Furthermore, 

Meanwhile, user side detections do not need to introduce costly devices to a Wi-Fi hotspot. 
They focus on differences in the transmission characteristics caused by the extra hop to a RAP on the path between a LAP and user's device. 
Compared with legitimate networks, extra hop results in several measurable changes in transmission characteristics such as Round Trip Time (RTT) and channel used between a user device and DNS server.

> Mustafa et al. \cite{rtt} differentiate RAPs and LAPs by measuring the RTT between the user device and the DNS server through different target APs (RAPs or LAPs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mustafa et al. \cite{rtt} differentiate RAPs from LAPs by measuring the RTT between the user device and the DNS server through different target APs (RAPs or LAPs).
```
through different target APs (RAPs or LAPs) ってどういうこと？？
ちょっとわからなかった．

Because there exists the extra hop caused by the RAP on the path, RTT is longer in comparison to the case where a user directly connects to the LAP.
%In order to detect with the evasion, transmission-based schemes focus on the fact that the route in the wireless local area network (WLAN) while being attacked has an extra hop to the RAP instead of the fingerprints of AP which can be easily spoofed.

> %Nikbakhsh et al. \cite{traceroute} compares the routes that a packet travels in the LAN to determine whether an AP is legitimate or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
%Nikbakhsh et al. \cite{traceroute} compares the routes that a packet travels in the LAN to determine whether an AP is legitimate or not.
```
git でやってるから前回のコミット戻れば，コメントアウトのとこ元に戻せるから，コメントアウトの行は全部消そう．
見辛いw

%They utilize round trip time (RTT) as the indicator to find out the packet delays RAP in the LAN cause.
%RTT values of packets traveling through legitimate APs (LAP) are similar, but these are different for a LAP and RAP.
%Han. et al. \cite{rtt} utilize round trip time (RTT) between the user and the DNS server to determine whether an AP is legitimite or not.
%Similarly, Yang et al. propose the detection scheme that uses a discriminative feature of inter-packet arrival time.
%These two techniques use packet delay of traffic caused by the extra hop to the RAP as a feature for detection.
Although that scheme which leverages the packet delay are useful only for the attack for which the adversary sets RAP up on the laptop, Jang et al. \cite{previous} reveal the fact that the computational power of the software bridging mainly accounts for the packet delay.
Thus, the adversary can evade the packet delay based detection by utilizing hardware-based RAPs having little bridging delay unlike software-based RAPs.
%In fact, their experiments show that the shemes is not able to distinguish the legitimate AP and the hardware-based RAP.

> In order to detect both types of RAPs, namely, software-based and hardware-based, \cite{previous} focuses on two communication channels utilized by a RAP between a user's device and LAP, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to detect both types of RAPs, namely, software-based and hardware-based ones, \cite{previous} focuses on two communication channels utilized by a RAP between a user's device and LAP.
```

Whereas a RAP intervene between a user's device and LAP, two distinct channels are used to reduce communication delay caused by channel interference each other.
For example, it is assume that channel 1 is used as the channel between a user's device and a RAP, and channel 6 is that between a RAP and a LAP.

> That scheme detect RAP by finding out these two channels with the throughput of the transmission from the user's device to the DNS server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That scheme detects RAP by finding out the presence of these two channels with the throughput of the transmission from the user's device to the DNS server.
```

> In an evil twin attack, the adversary sets up RAP using a SSID of a LAP in the targeted Wi-Fi network and MAC address cloned from one of the APs in the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an evil twin attack, the adversary sets up RAP which uses a SSID of a LAP in the targeted Wi-Fi network and MAC address cloned from one of the APs in the network.
```

As a result, although a user's device receives SSID broadcast from both LAP and the RAP, it cannot differentiate between these APs.
Thus, the user's device simply connects with the AP that has a higher RSSI value.

> We assume the model that a RAP relays WLAN traffic between a legitimate AP providing Internet connectivity and a user's device, which act as a man-in-the-middle-attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We assume the model that a RAP relays WLAN traffic between a LAP providing Internet connectivity and a user's device, which act as a ``man-in-the-middle-attack'' to steal private information of an user.
```

> By avoiding to use mobile Internet access, e.g., 3G/4G, the adversary can evade detection with Internet Services Provider (ISP) names or Global IP addresses\cite{rtt}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By avoiding using mobile Internet access, e.g., 3G/4G, the adversary can evade detections with Internet Services Provider (ISP) names or Global IP addresses\cite{rtt}.
```

In addition to that, we assume that the adversary exploits hardware-based APs which cannot be detected accurately by existing schemes since they do not cause a computational delay due to a software bridging.
%Thus, it cannot be detected because hardware-based APs do not cause a computational delay by the software bridging.

\subsection{Previous Scheme}
\subsubsection{Overview of the Previous Scheme}

> The main idea of the previous scheme \cite{previous} is that the adversary needs to use two distinct communication channels on the path from user's device to the LAP to avoid channel interference each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main idea of the previous scheme \cite{previous} is that the adversary needs to use two distinct communication channels on the path from an user's device to the LAP to avoid channel interference each other.
```

> The one is the channel for the path between LAP and RAP, and the other is that for the path betweeen RAP and user's device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The one is the channel for the path between LAP and RAP, and the other is that for the path between RAP and the user's device.
```

Thus, from the perspective of the user's device, there exists another channel on the route that is different from the channel with the connected AP.
The extra channel cannot be observed directly from the user's device.
Since the throughput value is dependent on the traffic on the path, the channel which is used between a LAP and RAP can be detected by a decline in the throughput.
In order to decrease the throughput, the previous scheme saturates the channel used between LAP and RAP by intentional channel interference.

> For example, when a user's device is using channel 1 with the targeted AP which cannot be judged to be legitimacy, the user-side device introduced for intentional channel interference transmit a large number of packets with all the channel except channel 1 to saturate the path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when a user's device is using channel 1 with the targeted AP which cannot be judged to be legitimacy, the user's device transmits a large number of packets with all the channel except channel 1 to saturate traffic on the path.
```
ユーザの端末から送るってことでいいかな？

If there exists the other channel on the route, the decline in the throughput can be observed by the user's device, and the presence of RAP is revealed.

> \subsubsection{Shortcoming of the Previous Scheme}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\subsubsection{Shortcoming of the Previous Scheme} \label{sec:shortcoming}
```
コンパイルエラーの原因？

Although the previous scheme is successful in the detection for hardware-based RAP in the experimental environment, it cannot detect accurately in the real world.
This is because throughput is considerably dependent on various factors of the network environment such as mobility of the traffic, collisions, network topology changes, and unintentional interference.

> Since the traffic in real environment is unsteady, the previous scheme is subject to environmental changes which can lead to degrade the accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the traffic in real environment is unsteady, the previous scheme is subject to environmental changes, which can lead to degrade the accuracy.
```

> %Also, the previous scheme can consider incorrectly a legitimate repeater which uses distinct channels on the both sides as a RAP because of the decline in the throughput as with a RAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, the requirement that we must satisfy is to leverage factors which are independent of the network environment for the detection.
```

%+悪魔の双子は中継器として機能するため従来手法までの検知手法では正規中継器と悪性中継器を識別できないためにit can be 誤検知

\section{PROPOSED SCHEME}

> In order to meet the requirements mentioned in Section ここでコンパイルエラーが起こっているので一旦コメントアウト %\ref{sec:previous}, in this paper, we propose \ti.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to meet the requirement mentioned in Section \ref{sec:shortcoming}, in this paper, we propose \ti.
```

In the following subsections, we firstly explain the idea of the proposed scheme.
In the next subsection, the algorithm is described in detail.
%Our goal of our scheme is to realize the user side detection which are independent of the features which are affected by a network environment and able to tell whether it is a legitimate repeater or RAP accurately.

\subsection{Idea}

> The main idea of our scheme is that there exist two APs, namely, RAP and LAP, in the communication range of a user's device which are both on the same path from it to a LAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main idea of the proposed scheme is that there exist two APs, namely, RAP and LAP on the same path from a user' device to a LAP.
Since this idea is independent of the network environment, it is useful for overcoming the shortcoming of the previous scheme.
```

In general, a LAP is the only device which exists on the same path from a user's device to a gateway.
In contrast, since a RAP act as a man-in-the-middle, there exists another AP, which is legitimate, on the other side of a connected AP in an attack scenario.
Therefore, a connected AP can be revealed as a RAP when a LAP is detected on the other side of it.

> Based on this idea, our scheme reveal a LAP on the other side of a connected RAP by finding out its MAC address from beacon frames in the communication range of a user's device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the basis of this idea, the proposed scheme reveals that a LAP is on the other side of a connected RAP by finding out the MAC address of LAP.
In order to discover the MAC address of a LAP on the same path, we leverage the phenomenon that a user's device cannot receive Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) replay packets in the situation where there exist duplicate MAC addresses on the same path.
The proposed scheme intentionally creates such situation by setting the MAC address of a user's device to the MAC addresses obtained from beacon frames of APs in the communication range of a user's device.
Note that the MAC address of the AP with which a user's device connects is excluded from targets for setting MAC addresses.
If the MAC address of a user's device is set to that of a LAP on the same path, a LAP receives ARP replay packets whose original destination is a user's device before a user's device receives them.
Thus, since a user's device cannot receive ARP relay packets, it continues to resend ARP requests, which results in disabling internet connectivity.
By observing the arrival of ARP replay packets, the proposed scheme can correctly reveal that there exists RAP and LAP on the path, which detects the attack.
When a user's device connects with the RAP, there exists the MAC address of a LAP in the communication range of a user's device.
This is because the RAP are located relatively near a LAP to avoid communication delay.
Hence, we can inevitably obtain the MAC address of a LAP in the case where there exists the RPA in a network.
```
RAPがLAPの近くに設置される（もしくは，しなければいけない）って言いたい．
通信遅延を起こさないためで合ってるかな？？

%図を使って，同じパスにA,B,CのMACアドレスがあって，AをCに変更してCBCにするとAPR応答が元々Aのやつに届かない的な説明をする？
\figurename~\ref{fig:example_ARP} shows the situation where ARP reply packets do not reach a user's device.
As shown in \figurename~\ref{fig:example_ARP}, ...
Thus, the device (A) cannot receive ARP replay packets in this situation.
しなくても，わかるならいらないけど．

あと，MACアドレスの設定の対象って接続しようとしているAPと同じSSIDを持つものだよね？

%In order to reveal a LAP on the other side, our scheme finds out its MAC address from beacon frames in the communication range of a user's device.

> Although, it is assumed that there exist LAPs on the other path in a communication range of a user's device since several APs which have same SSID canbe deployed in a network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the real situation, it is possible that there exist several LAPs in a communication range of a user's device.
Thus, we collect the only MAC addresses of APs which have the identical SSID to that of AP connected by a user's device.
This is because RAP must utilize the SSID of LAP for pretending to be LAP.
```

> In order to solve this problem, our scheme observe ARP reply packets from a gateway whose original destination is a user's device, setting MAC address of a user's device to their MAC addresses on purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> In a non attack scenario, a user's device can acquire evev if its MAC address is set to that of LAPs on the distnct paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user's device can receive ARP replay packets even if its MAC address is set to that of each LAP on the distinct paths.
This is because the MAC addresses cannot be duplicated on the same path.
```

> In contrast, in attack scenario, there exists a case that the ARP reply packets cannot be sent to a user's device when user's MAC address is set to that of the RAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> In other words, the same MAC address of the RAP is included as a destination of them in the packets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Since the ARP reply packets destinated originally to the user's device are go through the RAP on the same path at first, they result in being acquired by the RAP before being done by the user's device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> By doing so, our scheme can reveal that there exists two APs on the path, detecting the attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> In addition to the independence of a real environment, our scheme is not affected by a spoofed MAC address because it focuses on a legitimate MAC address never spoofed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the independence of a real environment, the proposed scheme is not affected by a spoofed MAC address because it focuses on the only legitimate MAC address never spoofed.
```

%ユーザとDNSサーバとの間の通信に直接関わる（経路上に存在する）端末MACアドレスがユーザ端末の受信範囲内に複数存在することに着目する．
%→一体型でも従来同様検知可能・トラヒックによらない・正規中継器を誤検知しない
\subsection{Algorithm}

> In this subsection, the algorithm for detection based on searching the MAC address of LAP on the same path is explained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this subsection, the algorithm for detection based on searching the MAC addresses of LAP on the same path is explained.
```

We conduct each evaluation by changing $\Delta t$ from 5 seconds to 10 seconds at every second.

\subsection{Evaluation of the Proposed Scheme}

\begin{figure}[t]
    \begin{minipage}{0.33\hsize}
        \begin{center}

>             \includegraphics[width=20mm,bb=9 9 358 434]{image/ACC.png}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            \includegraphics[scale=0.5]{image/ACC.png}
```
これでどうにかならん？
